Say, Jim, how about going for a few beers after dinner?  You know that is tempting but is really not good for our fitness.
What do you mean? It will help us to relax.
Do you really think so? I don't. It will just make us fat and act silly. Remember last time?
I guess you are right.But what shall we do? I don't feel like sitting at home.
I suggest a walk over to the gym where we can play singsong and meet some of our friends.
That's a good idea. I hear Mary and Sally often go there to play pingpong.Perhaps we can make a foursome with them.
Sounds great to me! If they are willing, we could ask them to go dancing with us.That is excellent exercise and fun, too.
Good.Let's go now.
All right.
Can you do push-ups?
Of course I can. It's a piece of cake! Believe it or not, I can do 30 push-ups a minute.
Really? I think that's impossible!
You mean 30 push-ups?
Yeah!
It's easy. If you do exercise everyday, you can make it, too.
Can you study with the radio on?
No, I listen to background music.
What is the difference?
The radio has too many comerials.
That's true, but then you have to buy a record player.
Are you all right?
I will be all right soon. I was terrified when I watched them fall from the wire.
Don't worry.He is an acrobat
I see.
Hey John, nice skates. Are they new?
Yeah, I just got them. I started playing ice hockey in a community league. So, I finally got myself new skates.
What position do you play?
I'm a defender. It's a lot of fun. You don't have to be able to skate as fast on defense.
Yeah, you're a pretty big guy. I play goalie, myself.
Oh, yeah? Which team?
The Rockets.
Really? I think we play you guys next week. Well, I have to go to practice. See you later.
All right, see you later.
Hey Lydia, what are you reading?
I'm looking at my horoscope for this month! My outlook is very positive. It says that I should take a vacation to someplace exotic, and that I will have a passionate summer fling!
What are you talking about? Let me see that... What are horoscopes?
It's a prediction of your month, based on your zodiac sign. You have a different sign for the month and date you were born in. I was born on April 15th, so I'm an Aries. When were you born?
January 5th.
Let's see... you're a Capricorn. It says that you will be feeling stress at work, but you could see new, exciting developments in your love life. Looks like we'll both have interesting summers!
That's bogus. I don't feel any stress at work, and my love life is practically nonexistent. This zodiac stuff is all a bunch of nonsense.
No, it's not, your astrology sign can tell you a lot about your personality. See? It says that an Aries is energetic and loves to socialize.
Well, you certainly match those criteria, but they're so broad they could apply to anyone. What does it say about me?
A Capricorn is serious-minded and practical. She likes to do things in conventional ways. That sounds just like you!
Frank's getting married, do you believe this?
Is he really?
Yes, he is. He loves the girl very much.
Who is he marring?
A girl he met on holiday in Spain, I think.
Have they set a date for the wedding?
Not yet.
I hear you bought a new house in the northern suburbs.
That's right, we bought it the same day we came on the market.
What kind of house is it?
It's a wonderful Spanish style.
Oh, I love the roof tiles on Spanish style houses.
And it's a bargaining. A house like this in river side costs double the price.
Great, is it a two bedroom house?
No, it has three bedrooms and three beds, and has a living room with a twelve-foot ceiling. There's a two-car garage.
That's a nice area too. It'll be a good investment for you.
Yeas, when will you buy a house?
Not untill the end of this year, you know, just before my wedding.
Right, congratulations.
Thank you.
Hi, Becky, what's up?
Not much, except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall.
What's the problem?
She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do. I can never do anything right when she's around.
For example?
Well, last week I invited her over to dinner. My husband and I had no problem with the food, but if you listened to her, then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables. There's just nothing can please her.
No, I can't see that happening. I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen.
It's not just that. She also criticizes how we raise the kids.
My mother-in-law used to do the same thing to us. If it wasn't disciplining them enough, then we were disciplining them too much. She also complained about the food we fed them, the schools we sent them too, and everything else under the sun.
You said she used to? How did you stop her?
We basically sat her down and told her how we felt about her constant criticizing, and how we welcomed her advice but hoped she'd let us do our things. She understood, and now everything is a lot more peaceful.
That sounds like a good idea. I'll have to try that.
How are Zina's new programmers working out?
I hate to admit it, but they're good. And fast. The Filipino kid is a genius.
So you'll make the Stars.com deadline, and have us up and running next week?
It'll be close, but we'll make it.
Good. After Stars.com starts paying us, we won't need Vikam's cash anymore.
And if we don't need them, we won't need Zina, either.
Do you like cooking?
Yes. I like cooking very much. I got this hobby when I was 12 years sold.
Why do you like it?
I have no idea. I like cooking by myself. I like to taste delicious food.
That's wonderful!
And I love trying new recipes, which I usually test with my friends. You can come, too.
Really? I hope I can have a chance to taste it. Don't forget to tell me.
Certainly.
Anyone home? Jen!
I'm in the kitchen... let yourself in!
Wow! You're really working up a storm!
I know. I've even worked up a sweat.
You look like a cooking show host--only messier.
You look so tan and healthy!
Thanks. I just got back from summer camp.
How was it?
Great. I got to try so many things for the first time.
Like what?
I went sailing, fishing, and horseback riding.
I'm so jealous.
The counselors were so nice too. It was the best summer ever. Except for all those mosquitoes!
Diana, do you like the perfume I gave you?
It's good. But to tell you the truth, I don't wear perfume.
I'm sorry. I didn't know that.
That's all right. Thank you all the same.
Ah, ah, ah...
All right, Bill.Here's your daily exercise schedule. You are to jog before breakfast.
Jog?
Then, you are to walk to work.
Walk?
Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time.
Oh no.
Use the stairs, never the elevator.
Oh, dear.
And three times a week, you can either swim, play racketball, or hand ball.
Oh no.
OK, you can stop now.It's time for the dance class.
Dance class! I don't know how.
You will.
Oh...
Hi Bill, I saw your grandma yesterday.
Oh where was that?
I was running around the track at my college and there she was walking around the same track.
Grannie always tries to stay fit and healthy.She is always making us kids eat the proper foods.
Well, it pays off for her.How old is she anyway?
She will be 86 next month.
That is truly amazing!
I would like to register for a class today.
No problem, what class would you like to take?
I would very much enjoy taking a Psychology class.Because I'm crazy.
There are two classes that are still open.
Which days are these classes on?
The first class is a Tuesday and Thursday class from two to three.
What about the other class?
The other class is on Monday and Wednesday from 10 am - 12.
Are you sure there are no more open classes?
I'm positive.
Sign me up for Monday and Wednesday.
Okay, I'll sign you up.
Dad, why are you taping the windows?
Honey, a typhoon is coming.
Really? Wow, I don't have to go to school tomorrow.
Jenny, come and help, we need to prepare more food.
OK. Dad! I'm coming.
Hi, my name is Lean, and I'm from Russia.
Nice to meet you, Lean. My name is Alike. I'm from Japan.
To me English is a difficult language.
A second language is always difficult.
True, but English is harder than most. It's a crazy language.
A crazy language? Why do you say that?
One letter can have several pronunciations and one word can have several meanings.
No wonder you say English is a crazy language.
Can I help you?
I hope so. I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing, and I'm not quite sure where to look.
I'll certainly try to help you. What topic is your paper on?
My paper is on the influence of television on children.
There are several possible sources you might use for that topic. I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television.
Thank you for you help.
Here's your hot dog and beer. What happened? Did I miss anything?
Yeah, Cal Ripen just hit a home run.
What's the score?
Well it was 3 to 4, but Ripen's home run made it 5 to 4 since another player was on first base.
So Baltimore is winning?
Right.
This is a really great place to watch a baseball game.
Yeah, there isn't a bad seat in the place.
The fans are great here, too. Not like in Philadelphia.
It was a great idea to spend a day watching a game.
Yeah, it reminds you why they say baseball is America's favorite pastime.
How do you like the pizza here?
Perfect. It really hits the spot.
Do you have a light?
Sorry, I don't smoke.
I was scared stiff of giving my first performance.
Were you? your performance was excellent.
Thank you for your kindly words.
Excuse me. Could you please take a picture of us with this camera?
Sure. Which button do I press to shoot?
This one.
Do I have to focus it?
No, this is a focus-free camera. All you have to do is point and press the button.
All right. Say cheese!
Every country should face the history.
Yeah, we don't live in the vacuum. We have traditional values and long but different history.
Sometimes, we, human beings, really had done something wrong, so we should admit it at first.
But there is always somebody who wants to turn his back on the true history.
I believe such things won't be realized, just daydreaming.
Do you like traveling, Kathy?
I like traveling for pleasure to get places for vacation for instance. But I don't like traveling to work, waiting for buses, or...
Or getting stuck in traffic jams when you're driving.
Exactly.
Your house is too small. Why not buy a big one.
I do wish I could afford one.
You can get a loan from the bank. You know LPF program provides low cost loans for participants home purchases.
Of course I know that. But don't you notice that the house price is skyrocketing?
How do you do, Prof.Smith.
How do you do, Ms. Yang.You speak very good English.
Thank you. I begin to like English even when I was a child.
Where did you learn it?
At school, in China.This is my first time to be out of my own country.
It's amazing.
Do you want black or white coffee?
White, please
Look! there's a Folk concert tomorrow evening. Do you Want to go?
I don't like Folk music very much.
What kind of music do you like?
I like classical music. Do you?
Not very much. Classical music sends me to sleep
I don't believe you.
It's true.
You are funny!
So are you! How about another coffee?
What do you like to do in your spare time?
I like playing chess.
Do you have any hobbies besides playing chess?
I'm afraid not.
Do you have any hobbies like playing tennis or things like that?
Oh, yes. I like playing basketball.
Can you tell me why you like it?
Because I like the feeling of cooperating with others.
Where is John? I can't find him anywhere.
Haven't you heard that he is in prison?
What? Beg your pardon.
John is in prison now. He was copped outstealing.
I just cann't believe my ears!
Can I help you?
I hope so. I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing, and I'm not quite sure where to look.
I'll certainly try to help you.What topic is your paper on?
My paper is on the influence of television on children.
There are several possible sources you might use for that topic. I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television.
Thank you for you help.
Hey, Ted. What are you up to this Friday?
Well, I have the day off from work.
That's great! Do you have any plans?
Well, I'Ve been working so hard lately, so I'll probably just take it easy.
Sounds nice.
Yeah, I'll probably just stay in and relax. Maybe watch a few movies.
Can I stop by?
Sure. Any time.
You honestly believe the world's improving every year?
Yes, I do. I think that science is making us wiser. What do you think?
I don't think you're right there.
I believe industry is making us wealthier.
I don't believe that.
And in my opinion, medicine is making us healthier.
I agree with you in the sense. But we're all more miserable than ever, aren't we?
I don't agree with you. I maintain that we're healthier, wealthier and wiser than we were a hundred years ago.
That's your opinion not mine.
What do you plan to do for your birthday?
I want to have a picnic with my friends, Mum.
How about a party at home? That way we can get together and celebrate it.
OK, Mum. I'll invite my friends home.
How may I help you?
I would like to return this book.
Is that all you need?
I also want to check out this video.
Is that all you would like to check out?
That's all I need.
Do you have your library card?
Here it is.
Make sure to take proper care of this video.
That won't be a problem.
If you damage the video, you will be fined.
I won't damage it.
What's the matter with you then? You look miserable.
It's us.
What do you mean by us.
Well, you always say you're busy.
That's right.
And you often go back to live with your parents and leave our son in the room by himself.
I... I... I miss my parents, also they miss me.
Oh I remember, I cut terrible calls, and you didn't say anything about it.
You mean I am groaned a few words?
Totally not. Perhaps it's about our marriage.
Hi, Mary. You look pale today. What's the matter with you?
I think I've caught a cold. Now I'm aching all over.
You'd better take some medicine and have a good rest. I hope you'll be yourself pretty soon.
Thank you. I suppose I should go to see a doctor.
I feel like going for a drink, it's been a long day.
Great idea! Peter, I could use the drink.
How about the new bar across road?
Sounds good. The food there is fantastic, too.
I agree, I had lunch there last week.
excellent! That sounds like a plan.
Could you tell me the right time, please?
Well. My watch says five past two. But it's no use rely on it because it has been gaining and losing these last a few days.
You have to go and fix it.
Yes. I will.
does your family have a record of your ancestors?
sure. My mom has been working on our family tree for years. She's always updating it.
do you have a copy of your family tree in your house? I'd love to see it.
I can show it to you now, if you like. I think it goes back about 8 generations so far.
that's amazing. Do you have a large extended family?
I'Ve got 30 cousins on my mom's side and 10 cousins on my dad's side.
are you very close to your first-cousins?
the ones that are my age are close relatives. Now that I'm older, I don't spend as much time with them as I used to, so I don't know my younger cousins as well as the older ones.
I see. who's the head of your household?
it's definitely my mother. And, her mother is definitely the matriarch of the bigger family.
that's interesting. What does your grandfather think of your step-mother?
at first, she was quite critical of her, but now that they'Ve been married for a few years, she's starting to accept the fact that my father divorced my mother.
that's pretty much how you feel about your step-mother. Like grandmother, like grandson.
Hi, Mr. Wang. Do you feel like going boating with me?
Sounds interesting, I haven't gone boating for some time now, and what time?
How about tomorrow afternoon?
Sure. Where shall I meet you?
At the gate of the park.
Great. I look forward to meeting you.
See you then.
See you.
I hear that you've been to the Saikei Ski Resort for the weekend. Did you enjoy it?
Yes, it's so exciting, though I had the most falls in our skiing team.
Isn't there any coach to teach you how to ski?
Of course there is. The top-level coaches there are from the State Sports General Administration.
Could you move smoothly?
Yes.My face even ached in the icy wind.
What happened afterwards?
I was skiing on and on excitedly until I realized one thing-I could not stop! You can just imagine how terrified I was.
Poor girl!
You look pale recently.
Yeah. I have got much pressure in the company. I have tobe wrapped upon my work.
Take good care of yourself.
Thank you. I will.
Hey, Maggy, Did you hear about David?
About David? No, I didn't hear anything.
You know, about David and his new boss.
Sorry, I don't quite follow you.
Well, I heard David has been fired.
Oh, that is a shame. He is really hard working.
how do you usually get to school?
I usually ride my bike. Which form of transport do you prefer to use?
I feel that I can see more when I pedal a bicycle, but when I feel lazy, I drive my car.
I think we should discourage people from using their private cars. They produce too much pollution!
I agree, but I would find it difficult to stop using my car. It's just so convenient.
cars might be convenient, but they're so bad for the environment.
do you have a car?
no. I used to have one though. Once I started using my bicycle to get around, I found that I didn't really need it.
maybe if I sold my car now, I wouldn't be so tempted to use it.
you could try. It would save you a lot of money.
that's true. Every month, I spend hundreds of dollars on gas, insurance, and repairs.
if you got to class by riding a bicycle every day instead of driving, you will get lots of exercise, too!
I could stand to lose a few pounds. Having a car has made me lazy. I never end up walking anywhere!
let's go to a car dealership. I'll help you try to sell your car for a good price.
sounds good! Let's go!
What's wrong with him?
His nose is out of joint because we forgot to invite him to the party.
What are you going to do for one year abroad, Tom?
Study, study, study. I want to learn a lot.
You are going to take courses?
Yes. I am going to take some university courses there.
Sounds hard.
Yes, but I think it's probably for the best.
Won't you get lonely?
Hey, I am a pretty cool guy. I will make friends, and I'll have a lot of extracurricular activities too. You know, like fencing, or theater or something.
Isn't this lovely weather? Will you help me water the flowers, Jack?
Well, do you think I have to?
I do.We haven't watered them for quite a few days.
Please look at the sky.Don't you see the dark clouds? It's going to rain soon.
Good.So we don't have to work.How nice!
But I don't think it's so nice.
Why?
The weather report says it's going to rain for a whole week.
Oh, I'm afraid all the flowers will die in the rain.
On, darn. The grocery store is closed.
Yeah, this one closes at ten. We could drive to the 24 - hour store on sixth.
Alright. We are out of everything.
I wish the store close to us was open 24 - house a day.
I know, our schedules are so weird. Sometimes, the little corner store is the only thing within walking distance that's open when we get home.
Yeah, and the prices there are very high.
I know. Three dollars for milk.
Do you think they two will get married?
You can count on it.
I think so.Yes, they get along so well.
I like him.He's good for her.
You're right. He sure is.
Dad, where are we off to?
First we will go to the city centre and stop for something to drink. Then we will visit the University Museum.
Where are we going to have a drink?
There is a coffee shop round the corner. Can you see that big building at the end of the road?
Yes?
That is a bank. The coffee shop is opposite the bank.
Good. I will have hot chocolate.
A stop! Wait for the lights to turn green.
When crossing the road you must always pay attention to what's around you.
Sorry. How far is the museum?
I am not sure. We will ask for directions in the coffee shop.
Here we are. You find us a table and I'll get the drinks.
How about going to the cinema tonight?
That's great. What's on tonight?
I am not sure about the name of the film, but I know it's a romantic one.
Romantic? I am afraid I like thrillers better.
Don't you think it's too bloody?
On the contrary, very exciting.
I feel so uncomfortable.
Are you sick?
No. The teacher is dragging the chalk over the blackboard. It set my teeth on edge.
He'll finish writing in a minute.
I have made up my mind. I am getting a tattoo.
Really? Are you sure?
Yeah! Why not? They are trendy and look great! I want to get a dragon on my arm or maybe a tiger on my back.
Yeah but, it is something that you will have forever! They use indelible ink that can only be removed with laser treatment. On top of all that, I have heard it hurts a lot!
Really?
Of course! They use this machine with a needle that pokes your skin and inserts the ink.
Oh, I didn't know that! I thought they just paint it on your skin or something.
I think you should reconsider and do some more research about tattoos. Also, find out where the nearest tattoo parlor is and make sure they used sterilized needles, and that the place is hygienic.
Maybe I should just get a tongue piercing!
Excuse me, what's the screen near your steering wheel for?
It's a portable TV. It's a popular thing now.
Oh, that's new to me. So what's on everyday?
News about current affairs, documentaries, music, movies, noncommercial ads and so on.
Is there anything interesting?
Yes, there are something good and informative. I think that many people underestimate the value of TV in education.
I agree. Are there any commercials on the TV?
Of course. Because the TV stations need to make money from commercials between the programs.
That makes a lot of sense. Does the TV work well?
Not always. It depends on the transmission of the satellite signals.
I got it. Do you pay for the programs?
Yes, 50 Yuan per month.
Oh, no!
How dreadful!
Look at the view from the window.
Oh, dear. That's terrible. Not at all what I expected.
It's awful, isn't it?
I can't bear to look at it. I'm rather disappointed.
It can't be helped.
What do you do in your free time, Nancy?
Well, I like playing the violin.
Really? How long have you been playing the violin?
About ten years so far. I started learning when I was in middle school.
That's really interesting.
Sure. So what about you? Do you have any hobbies?
Well, I like collecting matchbox! I'm not sure if that counts, though.
Of course it does. Everybody has his own hobby.
How can I tell her about this?
Don't worry, you'll find a way.
There is no need to be so frustrated.
How can you live without job in the future?
Don't worry, you'll find a way.
What sports do you like to play?
I like baseball and basketball.
How about football?
In my country football is brand new, so I never learned the game when I was younger.
It's a very popular game in America.
Yeah. I heard a lot about it. Is it really that fun?
For me, it's one of those games that are fun to both watch and play.
Are you a football player?
No, I just for fun with my friends. We play two hand touch or flag football. We're too old to play tackle football.
What is two hand touch and flag football?
Instead of tackling somebody, you just have to touch them with two hands, or if it is flag football, grab the flag that the ball carrier is wearing.
I see. It's safer then right?
Exactly. We play every Saturdays on the field by the tennis courts. If you want to learn and play a little, you're welcome to join us.
I'll give it a try. Give me a call and let's go down together.
Ok. I'll call you Saturday morning.
Great.
What upsets you?
My parents called. As usual, they reminded me again that I should have a plan to marry by my late 20s. Easier said then done. Who should I marry? I have no time to go on a date.
It is not your mother finding one for you?
I will find one myself, of course. I'm a modern girl.
Perhaps you can try the three minutes date, the latest type.
You mean dozens of the opposite sex meet each other for three minutes in a dimly bar serving alcohol, I hate that idea.
No, there is an updated virgin, three minutes video date. I know an online dating website providing such service with a microphone and webcam, you can sigh for it. You can be face-to-face with a guy talking for maximum three minutes.
I don't think it makes sense. Three minutes is such a short time.
I think you can find out if there is a possibility of romance within the first second of meeting someone, so-called love at first sight.
Anyway, I don't want to post my face up for sale on the internet like that.
Don't worry. There are many other options using the internet as dating methods. Some sites operate at international standard even have got certifications. Of course, for these sites, you have to pay a membership fee. But all in all, it is more serious and professional. The chance of meeting a good and serious person who does not play games is higher.
I don't want to post my personal information on the internet. I'm not knowing who is reading it.
Are you going to the party on Saturday?
I was thinking about it. Are you?
Yeah, I heard it's going to be a lot of fun.
Really? Well, what time does it start?
It starts at 8
Well, who all is going to be there?
Everyone from school.
How do you know it's going to be so fun?
This party is going to have a DJ, food, and drinks.
Wow, that does sound like it's going to be fun.
So am I going to see you at the party?
Yeah, I will be there.
Could you talk to me for a few minutes about my grades?
Step into my office for a moment. What is your concern?
Am I failing?
Let's go on the computer to see what's up. Do you think you are doing well?
I am pretty sure that I am in trouble.
I can see that you are trying, but where do you think you could improve?
I missed a few classes ; I need to make sure I come to school on a regular basis.
Having a regular study routine and following it is very important, right?
I'll try ; it's hard!
Thanks for stopping by!
Good luck on your test tomorrow. We'll be crossing our fingers for you!
Thanks.
I'll never ever work together with him!
What happened? Quarrel again?
Will you take my materials back from him for me? Please!
Don't ask me. I don't wanna be involved in your quarrel.
Oh, my God! I've been cheated!
What? What did you buy?
It's a brick! I can't believe how stupid I was. Damn it!
What is it? Why did you buy a brick?
There was a guy on the sidewalk.He had three new boxes, Panasonic video camera boxes.He said he had to get rid of them quick.
And?
So he said he'd sell me one for twenty dollars. A four-hundred-dollar camera for twenty bucks.
And it's a brick?
Yes.
I can't believe how stupid you are. Why didn't you open the box?
I wanted to. But he said, no, the box is still in its plastic wrap from the store.If it's opened, other people won't believe it's new.
So he had the boxes wrapped in plastic.
Yes, it was the kind of perfect plastic wrap that comes with new products.Look, it even had a bar-code price sticker on it! It looked brand new.
But why would a guy be selling new video cameras for twenty dollars?
He said he had to get rid of them. They were stolen.
Aha! Now I understand.You were trying to buy stolen goods on the sidewalk.So, what I think is, you deserve to get cheated!
C'mon, don't blame me! I thought it was a new camera. We could use it.We were even thinking about buying a camera. I don't understand how he could have such a perfect-looking box.
That's no problem.He just has a friend who works in a shop that can do plastic wrap. That's easy.And probably it's the same shop he got the boxes from.Maybe his friend works in an electronics store. They sell video cameras there.Probably they had a couple video camera boxes lying around.So they get the idea of wrapping bricks to sell to fools like you.Twenty dollars a brick. That's a good profit if they can sell enough bricks.
You're right, Sarah. I was a fool. I can't believe it. How could I fall for such a trick?
Is the clock right?
I'm afraid it gains a little.
By how many minutes?
Two.
Hey, Mary, what's up?
Just so so. Last night I met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful time, so we decided to meet again tonight.
Oh, that's exciting. What does this guy look like? Is he hot?
Well, I didn't think so at first. But as we started talking, I found him extremely funny and witty. I couldn't stop laughing at his jokes! And we have so much in common. We like the same team, music, and most amazingly, we both love Chinese food! I have the feeling that we are going to be great friends.
It seems you two are a good match. What qualities do you look for in a friend?
There's nothing definite I think. I don't have a list or anything, but when I first meet somebody, I can usually tell whether or not that person is going to be a good friend. It seems I have radar helping me spot new friends.
Well, that's something I've never heard of. But if you ask me what I value most in a friend, I would say honesty.
I agree. You can't expect a close relationship with a dishonest person. Those are the people that will turn their back on you when you are in need.
Yeah, I know. A friend in need is a friend indeed. I don't need fair-weather friends either.
What's up? You don't look too good.
Yeah, my head hurts, that's all. I'Ve been in physics class all day. It's killer!
I liked physics. It's all math, really. arcs, curves, velocity, cool stuff.
Yeah, yeah, but today's lesson was all about the creation of the universe.
A physics class about the creation of the universe? That's some pretty unscientific language there. Sounds more religious to me.
It's all religion. Take the theory of the Big Bang.How is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion? That's no better than Atlas carrying the globe on his back or African myths about turtles and stuff.
Turtles? Whatever... Look, all that's required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti-particles. At least, that's what the math says.
Math, sheath. What's the evidence?
There is evidence! You know Edwin Hubble? He's the guy who in the early twentieth century was the first scientist to measure the drift of matter in the universe, thus advancing notions of an expanding universe. What would it be expanding from? Well, the Big Bang... DUH!
Anyway, it's just a theory. Why do people go around touting theories? Where's the scientific rigor in that?
Dude, don't equivocate. A theory only becomes a theory after withstanding rigorous testing. You slept through class, didn't you?
Today more and more people advocate lifelong learning. But people have different views about lifelong learning. How do you understand lifelong learning?
I think lifelong learning is the concept that it's never too soon or too late for learning
Does that mean studying all the time?
I don't think so. I think it's about your attitude towards learning. One should be open to new ideas, decisions, skills or behaviors.
Then the axiom -'You can't teach an old dog new tricks'doesn't work any longer.
You're right. Lifelong learning is about finding learning opportunities at all ages and in numerous contexts
Yes, I agree with you. When I retired I will participate in programs to keep momentally active.
Me too. To keep up with the changing world, one must be involved in lifelong learning and be ready to accept new things.
You know what? I've recently been teaching myself French.
Really? That's great! I know that your company has a lot of clients in France.
Yes, so I want to learn French to develop my career.
How old are you?
Nine... but I'll be ten on May 1st.When is your birthday?
I'm older than you! I'll be ten on April 14th.
Are you going to have a birthday party?
Maybe. I'll have to ask my mother.
It smells like an ashtray in here!
Hi honey! What's wrong? Why do you have that look on your face?
What's wrong? I thought we agreed that you were gonna quit smoking.
No! I said I was going to cut down which is very different. You can't just expect me to go cold turkey overnight!
Look, there are other ways to quit. You can try the nicotine patch, or nicotine chewing gum. We spend a fortune on cigarettes every month and now laws are cracking down and not allowing smoking in any public place. It's not like you can just light up like before.
I know, I know. I am trying but, I don't have the willpower to just quit. I can't fight with the urge to reach for my pack of smokes in the morning with coffee or after lunch! Please understand?
Fine! I want a divorce!
Why are you shivering?
It's freezing.
It seems that you get antsy when you hear I praise another guy.
I get antsy not because you praise a guy, but because you may be taken for a ride by a guy like him.
How come you think of him that way?
Because you seem to have lost your vigilance. You should be on the watch out.
I have no reason to distrust him. He's never caused any harm.
Isn't there anything that sounds fishy?
Nothing smells a rat. I told you that he's an all-right guy.
All-right guy? All right. Let's talk about something else instead.
Cheese! It tastes like cardboard.
I think so. Maybe that's why it's cheap here.
Have you signed up to join the company's Christmas party?
Sure, I have. Will you join?
I will. You know, as a newcomer, I think it might be a good opportunity to get to know people from the other departments of our company in a more relaxed atmosphere.
You are right. Our company's Christmas party has always been an amazing occasion for everybody to relax and get to know each other better. It is also a time to make new friends and do some networking.
I hope that it is not a formal one when the boss is there.
No, it will not be formal at all. It is a fun time. You will love the game show. Please dress casually. Usually there is an over abandon of drinks, so be careful with that.
Don't worry, I can handle that. And I know if the boss is there, even it is an informal evening, it does not make a good impression to get totally drunk in front of him.
If the weatherman's predictions are accurate, it should rain tomorrow.
I hope not. Then we'd have to reschedule our baseball game.
hi, Emily, do you know that guy over there?
The tall one? Sure, that's Drive, he works with Lily.
He is cute.What dose he do?
I'm not sure, he is a manager I think.
Really? Are you going to introduce us?
Well, he has already taken you know, that's his wife right there.
You didn't ring me last night. You said you would.
I'm sorry to have made you disappointed.
That's all right. But why were you so rude to me at lunch.
Was I? Sorry, I didn't mean to be. I do apologize.
And why are you yarning now? Are you bored?
Forgive me darling. I'm very tired.
Hi, Nicole. Did you have a good weekend?
Yes, I did. But I feel tired today.
Really? Why?
Well, on Saturday I cleaned the house and played tennis. Then on Sunday I hiked in the country.
And I bet you studied, too.
Yeah. I studied on Sunday evening. What about you?
Well, I didn't clean the house and I didn't study. I stayed in bed and watched TV.
That sounds like fun, but did you exercise?
Sort of. I played golf on my computer!
There will be a parade to celebrate National Day this weekend.
What's the route?
From Zhongshan Circus to City Bank.
If only I could join it!
Excuse me. I'm afraid you're in my seat. You've moved my books.
Oh, dear.
You must have realized somebody was here.
Oh, well, I looked around. There wasn't any other space. I waited a while and nobody came. I'm sorry if I've taken your place.
What's the life expectancy in your country?
I'm not sure, but probably about 75 years. How about in your country?
About 70, I think. This newspaper article talks about the problems of an aging population. It's a problem that will soon affect most of the world.
I heard that the government might need to increase the retirement age, because otherwise there will not be enough workers to support the young and the elderly.
Perhaps we need to have more babies! Tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday.
Did she? That's great. However, if we have too many children, that will have a bad effect on the enviroment.
How's your son these days?
Oh, he's fine. Kids seem to grow up very quickly nowadays.
He'll be a teenager before you know it! Teenagers are often rebellious! When do you mine it is a good age to have a child?
I had mine when I was 24. that's a little young. I'd suggest you wait until you are in your late twenties., or even in your early thirties if you have a good career.
Yes, I think you're right. I'm thinking about having a child, but not just yet.
Is there a big generation gap between parents and their children in you country?
Yes, there is. Teenagers do not want to live traditional lives. They want to go out, have fun, and explore the world. They want to develop their own view of life. Parents usually try to discourage them, but they don't often succeed.
Parents usually give their children more freedom in my country. Sometimes they give them too much freedom.
It's almost impossible to get the right balance. If you are too strict, kids might ignore you. If you are too lenient, they might go wild.
I'm going to Japan this year on vacation.
Have you ever been to America?
No, but I'd really like to.
You'd like it.
Hey, Mark, long time no see.
Julie! It's good to see you again. How have you been?
Great. I just got back from a week's vacation in Thailand.
Really? How was it?
Fantastic! I didn't want to come back.
I hear the beaches in Thailand are beautiful.
They are. And not only that the people are friendly, but also the food is delicious, not to mention cheap.
I do like Thai food. Did you see much of Bangkok?
Not much. I've got enough city life in Beijing.
I know what you mean. I could use a vacation myself.
Hey, wouldn't it be great if we could go to Thailand together sometime?
Yeah, it sure would.
Could I see the manager please? I have a complaint to make.
Yes, I'm the manager here. What can I do for you, Madam?
Did you have the room checked before we move in?
Which room are you in?
1808. The toilet doesn't work properly, the water doesn't run in the shower.
I'm awfully sorry to hear that. I'll turn to it right away.
Congratulations, Vivian. You won the grand prize, again.
Isn't it just great! I just knew I'd win!
You did? How? Did you wear red underwear again this year?
Not only that!
Tell me! Tell me! What's your secret?!
OK, OK. I'll whisper it to you, but you have to promise not to tell anyone!
What?! You did that??!!!
We are going to the concert this evening. Will you join us.
I'm very sorry I can't.
Why not?
I've been snowed under with since my bosses away on business.
You'v been work here for nearly a month, how do you feel about the job?
Not bad.Thank you for your help. I am always busy with this job, I feel a bit tired.
I had the same feeling when I first came to work here. but after a period of time, I feel better, I am sure you'll get used to this busy job.
I also feel that work efficiency here is very high. and you have strong working ability and professional skill, it seems that you know all, that's really wonderful!
You know the phrase, the survival the fittest. We have no choices.
That's right, I have to work hard.
The music is on.May I have the pleasure to dance with you?
Sorry, I'm engaged for the foxtrot.Will the next Walls be all right?
Certainly.
Excuse me, is this seat taken?
No, please feel free.
Thanks a lot.
Do you work in Shanghai?
Yes I do. How about you?
No, I'm a tourist. This place is amazing! It's much bigger than I imagined, and much more exciting! There's so much to see here.
You can say that again! It's much more modern than people imagine. Where are you from?
Um, well let's see... I'm from Kansas originally. A much quieter and more peaceful place than here, that's for sure!
Uh huh...
Look at this headline, Soo Mi.
Wow! So many people in the United States get divorced!
Is it the same in Korea?
I don't think so. In Korea some marriages break up, but most couples stay together.
Do people get married young?
Not really. Very few people get married beforethe age of 20.
Hmm. Do women usually work after they get married?
No, a lot of women stay home and take care of their families. But some work.
Boy! What a beauty! I fall in love with her at the first sight.
The beauty under the tree?
Of course.No girl is more charming.
She is a young man!
Excuse me.Where do I register?
Oh, over there in Pacific Pavilion.
Is that the large, white building?
Yeah, that's it.
Thanks.
How was your education going on in Australia?
I'm going to graduate this summer.
Where are you going to work then, in Australia or back in China?
I'm planning to return to China after graduation.
Why are you choosing to leave a foreign country? Many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad.
Well, I think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment.
Yeah, China's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country.
Do you have any particular hobbies, Tom?
Oh, yes. I love playing badminton, table tennis and computer games. And playing the games has become my favorite.
I hear many teenagers will spend hours and hours sitting at computers. And they don't care about their own health at all. How about you?
I'm no better than them. They say it's mindless to sit in front of a machine all the time, but I think it's stimulating.
You won't play online games full of violence, will you?
Once in a while.
It's no good. And I think spending several hours each day playing computer games is a waste of time. You might as well do something healthy and meaningful.
I hope I can practice self-control again.
What's the plot of your new movie?
It's a story about a policemen who is investigating a series of strange murders. I play the part of the detective. He has to catch the killer, but there's very little evidence. It's a psychological th
Did you enjoy making the movie? We heard stories of disagreement with other actors and with the director.
I have had disagreement with every director. I'Ve worked with. We'Ve always disagreed in a friendly way and we have always resolved our differences. It was the same when I made this movie. I don't no
Critics are not very happy with the movies that you'Ve made recently. Does that bother you?
Not at all. The feedback from audience has been great. I care about what they think more than what the critics think.
Did you do you own stunts in the movie?
I wanted to, but my insurance company wouldn't let me. All of my stunts were done by a stuntman. As you know, I used to do my own stunts, but I'll leave that to the experts in future.
Thank you very much for doing this interview.
My pleasure. Have you seen the movie yet?
Yes. I have. I liked it very much. Like you, I was very impressed with Rachel's performance in the movie. She's going to be a star.
Who's that old lady trimming the trees?
She's my grandma.
She's looks very healthy.How old is she?
92.
Mom. My legs are killing me.
Hold on. We will be successful right away.
Oh, man. I had the best supper last night. My wife made a stir-fry and it was amazing!
I love stir fry crispy bitesize vegetables covered in a mixture of soy sauce and oyster sauce. Wilted greens and fresh bean sprouts. Throw in some onion and garlic and ginger! Mmm! Mmm! It's almost lunchtime. I would die for a plate of stir fry right now!
Well, you can keep the vegetables, I'll take the meat. The stir fry my wife made was really hearty, with chunks of beef and slivers of bell peppers and onion...
What? You call that a stir fry? More meat than vegetables? That's the worst insult you could throw at a Chinese stir fry. What a disgrace to the wok she fried it in! What you had is equivalent to a fajita without the wrap!
What did you say?
I said it's a lovely day. Why don't we go for a walk?
Well, I feel a little tired.
Come on! A little labor, much health.
Then can you wait a few minutes? I want to finish writing this letter.
Don't take too long. It would be a shame not to take advantage of such lovely weather.
I won't be long. No more than ten minutes. Why don't you go ahead and I'll meet you in the park?
I Believe I will. Look for me near the lake.
Thank god you showed up when you did! He's insane! Do you think we should call the police?
Don't worry about it, I'll call my friend and have him take care of it. I can't believe he was stalking you all these years. What a nut job!
I know! Well... he said I'm not pregnant. I'm sorry if I got you all worked up over nothing. I want you to know that I didn't do it on purpose...
Don't apologize! From the moment I met you, not a day has gone by when I haven't thought of you.And now that I'm with you again, I'm... I'm just scared, Veronica. The closer I get to you, the worse it gets. The thought of not being with you, I mean, I just can't handle it! We were made for each other, Veronica. You are my everything, my soul mate. What can I do?
Just hold me... I'll always be here for you, no matter what. And together, we can tackle whatever life throws at us. I believe in us, steven.
I'm so happy to hear that! I knew we belong together. I love you so much.
Zina, can I talk to you about something personal?
As long as it doesn't take too long.
My boyfriend says I work too much. That I spend more time with you than with him.
Was he upset when you told him you had to leave this weekend?
He said not to bother coming back. And I said, fine, I won't.
So what's the problem?
Mary, how was your date with john?
it's ok. It seems we have a lot in common.
oh, really. That is great news. What does he look like?
he is tall and slim, fair-haired.
sounds like he is pretty cute. What do you think of him?
he is a nice guy and very considerate. I was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor.
oh, it's love at first sight. When will you see each other again?
he didn't say, but he said he would call me.
maybe he is busy with his work. Just wait and try not to think about it too much!
oh, steve. Stop it! I am a bit nervous! What if he doesn't call?
come on, Mary, you're a total catch. I bet he will call you. Don't worry.
thank you, Steve. You're always so encouraging.
that's what friends are for.
Hi, Francis, how was your business trip?
It was a nightmare.
What's up?
Actually, the business trip itself was very successful. We arrived on time, we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year.
Sounds quite fruitful, why do you call it still a nightmare then?
Well, the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge. I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam. When I finally got home, I was totally exhausted. But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout.
This is really a sad story. Did they trace back your luggage?
I am still waiting for their call.
Take it easy, all sufferings have their reward.
So the company decided to cancel your trip to Hong Kong?
Yes, The SARS epidemic is not under effective control yet. So I'd better not risk it.
Maybe it's a good things. If you don't have to go to Hong Kong, you can take a break and take things easy for a while.
You are right. Maybe we should work out a fitness plan and start to do more exercise. Sitting around in the office all day is no way of keeping fit.
That's a good idea. Let's see if we can get more people in this plan. There isn't much business these days anyway, so I think many people will be interested.
Which pair of jeans do you like best?
I really like the straight legs.
But they aren't very fashionable. What about these?
I don't like the way they sag down. I feel like I have plumber butt in them.
That's the style! You just wear boxers.
What if someone got it in their head to give them a tug? What then?
You're so old fashioned! Nobody is going to pull down your pants!
If you ask me, it's a walking invitation!
Hi, Charles. What's the matter?
Oh!! My car isn't working. I'm waiting for a tow-truck.
Do you have a ride home?
Yes, my wife is coming to get me.
That's good. Do you live near here?
No, we live in the suburbs. What about you?
I live downtown, with my parents.
Do you have a car?
I don't need a car. I walk to work.
You're lucky!
Happy anniversary, sweetheart!
Yes. to our first anniversary and many more to come. Cheers!
I'll drink to that. Thanks for making this a night worth remembering.
Well, it's a special day. They say if you survive the first year, the rest is smooth sailing.
That's good to know. Oh, listen! The band's playing our song.
I requested it. What do you say? Do you have your dancing shoes on?
Always.
What do you plan to do for your birthday?
I want to have a picnic with my friends, Mum.
How about a party at home? That way we can get together and celebrate it.
OK, Mum. I'll invite my friends home.
How about seconds, Victor?
No.thanks. I'm full.
Why don't you have dinner with me tonight?
I'd love to.
Let's say about 6:00?
That's OK with me.
Cigarette?
Oh, uh... Thanks. Henry, do you have a light?
Sorry, here.
Thanks. Lovely day. Pity I'm on duty.
I'll stand in with you if you like. I'Ve got nothing else to do.
Oh, no. I couldn't possibly.
Hi Rose, what are you busy with right now?
Hi Jack, I'm working on these documents. The manager wants them for half an hour.
Well, Rose.
Is there something any need?
Are your free this weekend?
Yes, I have nothing to do.
Great, Is it convenient if i visit you this weekend?
I beg your pardon?
I'd like to call on you this weekend. I just want to a drop in for a chat.
Really? well, ok, you're welcome.
Is 5 PM. Saturday a good time for you?
Hmm, how about seven? I can treat you to dinner.
Sure, that would be great. I'll bring the wine.
OK. Then I'll be expecting you.
I'll be there on time.
How do you shoot pool?
You have 16 balls on the table, 7 solid colored, 7 striped colored, a black 8 ball, and the white ball.
And?
You hit the white ball with your cue. The white ball hits the colored balls. And you want to get the colored balls into the pockets.
How do you know whether you should hit the solid or the striped one?
At the beginning, it does not matter, but once someone gets one ball in, it is set.
Can I get the black ball in?
The black ball has to be the final ball in the pockets.
Let's go and try now!
How about going to hear a country-and-western singer tonight?
I'd enjoy that.
I'll pick you up around 8: 00.
OK. I'll see you then.
The mosquitos are biting me!
Me, too, I can't stop scratching. They are everywhere! Sneaky little jerks.
Do you have any bug spray?
No, I forgot to buy some.
Then we'll have to put up with it.
We can cover ourselves with beer! That way if they bite us, they'll get drunk and fall asleep.
That's without a doubt, the best idea you'Ve had! Let's do it!
Run! They are thirsty for more!
Stop running around in front of the TV, will you? Why don't you just sit and watch?
I've tried, but I can't stand the bald man talking so loudly in the program.
Then stay away. No one is keeping you from doing that.
Don't be so irritable. I just don't understand the program, that's all.
All right, I will explain it to you later on. Now scram.
Ok. I will wait until you have had your fun, if that's what you want.
That's exactly what I want, thank you.
Okay, can I ask you something direct?
Ha! It's not like you've ever been one to beat around the bush.
Fair enough. Give it to me straight. Did she bully you into this?
No, seriously... I really want this.
I tell ya, when I got the invite, it really threw me for a loop. You've done a complete 180.
I know. But things have changed. I guess I've settled down.
I guess so.
My daughter plans to quit her present job and wants to find another. She says she wants to get a better job with higher pay.
It seems quite normal to me. It is pretty much what I want to do.
But what about settling down to start a family? Doesn't anyone want to get married any more?
It is different now. The world is becoming colorful. Some of my friends don't feel the same pressure to marry. We all want to wait for the right moment.
What time is the right moment?
Let the universe find us instead of forcing love. We prefer natural love. The most important thing is to be happy. Love will find us later. That is what we say.
Please excuse me, but I really have to be going.
Yes, of course.It was nice to see you.
It was nice to see you, too.And please give my regards to Mrs.Robbins.
Excuse me. Is this seat taken?
I'm afraid so.
What do you think of the coming match?
Winning is a piece of cake to me.
You are bragging again.
What would you reckon the taxing increases?
Well, the state will benefit a lot, I suppose.
But what do most people think about it?
Ah, it's hard to say.
are you still coming to my place for dinner tomorrow night?
of course. Is the dinner still on?
yes, I was just wondering how you and your roommate were planning on coming to my place.
we were planning on walking both ways since the weather is still nice.
that's what I thought you would do. Listen, I live in a bit of a rough neighborhood. It's just down the street from all the bars. You probably don't want to be walking around after dark.
it can't be that bad.
I wish it wasn't, but there is actually a lot of crime and prostitution around here.
really? I never would have guessed. The criminals must only come out in the evenings, because I've never noticed anything strange when I've been at your house in the daytime.
do me a favor, and take a taxi. It'd make me feel a lot better.
ok, we will. How do you get around in the evenings?
when I first moved in, I walked everywhere. But within a week, I had my purse stolen  just a block away from the police station! Now, I always take public transportation.
has anything else happened to you?
nothing else has happened to me, but I have seen quite a few fights on the streets after the bars close.
well, we'll be careful. Thanks for letting me know.
Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not.
Why doesn't he ask her?
He is too scared to ask her.
He's a chicken guy.
I don't understand why some parents keep beefing and complaining about their daughters not being able to follow suit.
Yeah. Li Na's mother has been building a fire under her since her neighbour's daughter got married with a Canadian. She's almost driving Li Na crazy.
If I were Li Na, I would ask her if she had done that.
She is as meek as a lamb. She never goes against anyone or anything. She's as good as gold, you know?
Where is John? I can't find him anywhere.
Haven't you heard that he is in prison?
What? Beg your pardon.
John is in prison now.He was copped outstealing.
I just cann't believe my ears!
What do you need?
I need to use the Internet.
You have your library card, right?
Yes, I do.
There is a wait right now to use the computers.
That's fine.
Would you please write your name on this list?
Then what?
I will call you when a computer is free.
How do I log on to the computer?
Use the number on the back of your library card.
Thanks. I'll be sitting over there.
What a nice tie you are wearing!
Thank you.But does it really look all right?
Certainly.It matches your suit perfectly.
Then does it go well with my sweater?
Yes.You look very smart today.
Thank you very much.
What do you make of the case?
If you ask me, I don't think it's guilty.
What do you mean by saying so?
I mean it's not his fault.
Oh, yeah?
Yes. Don't you think he should be pitied rather than accused?
Happy Mother's Day, Mom!
Thanks! These are beautiful. You shouldn't have!
Of course I should have! You certainly deserve them! You put up with all of us.
I forgot what I put up with. In that case, I do deserve these flowers.
I have a real problem when I meet people.
What is it? Maybe I can help.
I never know when to shake hands and when not to. Can you tell me something about it?
Do you come from a country where they shake hands?
Oh yes. Men, women, and children shake hands all the time.
It's very simple. Men shake hands, women and children don't.
But some women do shake hands. And now a lot of children have such good manners, they shake hands too.
Well, a good rule to follow is, for men you hold out your hand, for women and children, you wait and see what they do.
That sounds easy enough.
Sure. Once you get the hang of it, it's a piece of cake! It's nothing to worry about.
Sam, I am so sorry. It was your birthday yesterday and I completely forgot about it.
Don't worry about it. I keep forgetting everyone's birthdays as well.
Margaret really told me off when she found out that I had forgotten all about it. We did try to phone you, but you and Jane must have gone out.
Yes, Jane invited me for dinner to this new restaurant which opened near us.
Oh, yes, I know the one. How was the food?
The food was excellent, but Jane ordered a birthday cake, which they forgot about. So as you can see, you were not the only one.
Oh, no.
Yes, Jane was quite upset about it. The manager came to apologize and we did get free dessert, but still...
I would think this was the least they could do.
In the end it was a nice evening and I got an iPad as my birthday present which I wanted for a while.
Great. I have also been thinking of getting one. Do you think you could ask Jane to have a quiet word with Margaret? My birthday is not that far away.
I can try, but knowing Margaret she will see through that immediately.
Here's the restaurant we're meeting the Smiths at.
Let's go in to wait for them.
After you.
When do you usually go to the movies?
I usually go in my free time on the weekends. How about you?
The movie theater is always so crowded on the weekends. I like to go to the movies during the week.
That's true. And sometimes the tickets are cheaper during the week as well.
Are you telling us a lie again?
I will be hanged if I lying.
All right. But what was the trouble?
My car run out of petrol.
I can't believe Mr. Fro didn't buy it. Who does that guy think he is anyway? Bill Gates?
He had a lot of nerve telling us our ads sucked.
Time to order. Balista, today I want a skinny triple latte.
When did you start worrying about your weight?
I'm not. I just don't feel like drinking whole milk today. Why? Do you think I'm fat?
No, Jess, chill out!
Come on, Tara. Let's go up to the window and buy two tickets. The movie is starting in a few minutes.
We can't break into the line. Don't be so impatient. We'll be at the front of the line soon.
Two tickets, please. How much are they?
Oh no, Ari. I didn't mean for you to pay for me when I invited you to go tonight. Let's go Dutch. I'll pay my own way. I insist.
I'm looking forward to this film. I read a good review of it in this morning's newspaper.
Me, too. It will be great to see something light and funny for a change. I'm tired of heavy drama.
Are these seats okay?
They're fine, but I can't watch a movie without popcorn.
Do you often buy magazines?
I buy a computer magazine every month. It keeps me up-to date with all the latest developments.
Why don't you find the information on the internet instead?
Sometimes it takes too long to find the exact information you are looking for. Besides, I like to read a magazine in a coffee bar sometimes.
Do you have an online edition of that magazine?
Yes, they do. But you can only access all the articles if you have a subscription.
Do you have a subscription?
Yes, I do. The magazine arrives by post at the beginning of each month. Do you every buy magazines?
I only buy them if they look particularly interesting. I don't buy any regularly.
Mumm. Those burgers smell great. It's perfect day for a barbecue.
It sure is. I'm glad it didn't rain. My name's Mike Gates, by the way.
Oh, hi! I'm Barbara Johnson. Nice to meet you.
I'm sorry. What's your name again?
Barbara. But please, just call me Barb.
So Barb... what do you do?
I'm studying medicine.
Really? Where?
At Harvard. What about you?
I'm an engineer at IBM.
Oh, are you? That sounds interesting.
Yeah. I like it. Hey, it looks like the food is ready.
Good. I'm starving.
Wow! I can't believe I'm standing here!
What are you so excited about?
I'm standing in front of an exquisite work of art!
What's the big deal? It's just a picture of some woman.
I've seen it so many times in books, but I never imagined I'd get to see it in person.
There are tons of other paintings that I think are better.
Maybe so, but do you have any idea how much this one is worth?
No, how much is it worth?
About 80 million dollars.
Whoa.
hey, Maris, are you a part-timer?
part-timer? Is that a new buzzword?
oh, it's pretty popular among my classmates these days. So are you?
sure, I have a part-time job as a bartender.
cool! It must be amazing to work at a bar!
yeah, but I'm not there for fun. I have to remain professional and if I get distracted, the manager would be pretty upset.
that's true. I'm wondering did you learn anything from the job?
of course. There's always much to learn. I got to know more about the real world.
you mean you got working experience, right?
not just working experience. I would say the biggest lesson I learned is how to deal with people from all walks of life.
it must be very demanding.
sometimes it is. But after working for a few weeks, it's easy to figure out.
really? It sounds interesting.
maybe you can come to the bar one day and I'll show you around.
great. I'm looking forward to it.
Have you seen that house?
Yes, it looks interesting.
You're right. I love it very much.
It must be old.
At least more than 100 years old.
Let's enter it!
I can't open the door.
It must be locked.
Let me ask the old woman in that reception office.
She can't answer you.
She must be deaf.
It must be a haunted house. Are you frightened?
Frightened? You must be joking.
Have you got any hobbies?
Yes. I'm fond of playing the chess and I'm very keen on playing cards.
Which is easier to learn?
Both, but the rules of playing cards vary in different places.
Jim, how was your weekend?
I went to the beach with my friends and had a barbecue there.
That sounds like a lot of fun. Did you go swimming, too?
Sure. I think it's a fantastic place to go.
I couldn't agree more. That's an ideal place for a vacation.
It sure is.
I can't wait to go there myself.
You'd better prepare for the examination.
I don't think the exam will be very hard.
You should change your attitude, or you will not pass the course.
Maybe you're right. I have been too lazy lately.
It is high time you have a talk with him. That may help clear the mists.
I did, but he gives me a runaround.
If I were you, I would put the whole matter on the table.
But he was trying to beat about the bush. And my talk with him was fruitless.
What is the correct time, please?
It's exactly twelve minutes past seven.
When will the lecture begin?
It'll begin at nine o'clock sharp.
Should I ask Sara to the party?
I would if I were you.
If he promised to help you, I'm sure he will help. He's a man of his word.
You said it. I always count on him when I need his help.
Last year he helped me out of trouble, too.
We're having a sixties party next week. Do you want to come?
What is a sixties party?
You come dressed in anything from the sixties.
That sounds like fun. But where can I get clothes that old?
Check out your mom's closet. I'll bet she still has something.
Good idea. Can I bring some music from that period too?
That will be great! Do you have LPs or Cds?
Don't tell me you have a record player!
I want to improve my handwriting, and I've practiced it for several weeks, but nothing happened. You see, my handwriting is still bad.
Oh, come on. You know it's a long process, you have to be patient.
I know it, but I don't know when I can make it better.
A, whatever you do, the most important is perseverance. So you have to hang on there, the longer, the better. Then some day, you will find you've already made a lot of progress.
Yeah, you are right. I must stop complaining and stick to it every day.
Yeah! Where there is a will, there is a way.
I'm so excited, mother. Oh, a new baby!
My first grandchild.
And my first nephew. He looks a lot like you, mum. He does.
Do you think so? Well, I guess. He does look a lot like me. Oh, he's got Richard's eyes though.
Yes, he does have Richard's eyes. The baby even looks like you than Richard does.
Well, children usually resemble their parents.
It's true. Michelle is a lot like Henry in so many ways. And she is shy with new people just like he is.
You often like comparing children with their parents.
You're right.
The music has started.
How do you like this waltz?
It's very nice.
May I ask you for a dance?
Certainly.
You are doing the waltz wonderfully well.
Thanks. I'm glad you say so. Oh, the music has stopped.
Do you speak only English in the class, or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish?
Oh, we never speak Spanish in class! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English.
I suppose she's right. Does she speak English very slowly?
Not always. Sometimes we don't understand her. Then she has to repeat what she said.
It must be interesting to study English.
Mario and I are the best students in the class. Miss Parker says that my pronunciation is very good.
Is English pronunciation easy or difficult?
Sometimes it's difficult. Some words look different from the way one pronounces them.
Doris, I'm glad you're home. I'm terrified. I don't know what to do!
What is it? What happened?
I think someone is stalking me.
No, it can't be. Really? Who?
I don't know. I saw him the first time Tuesday. He was at the cafe. I noticed he was looking at me a lot. Not just the usual looking, but staring.He just kept staring at me. He didn't stop.
What did you do?
I didn't do anything. Finally, he left.But then I saw him again today. Outside the shoe store. Near the cafe. I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's. But then he came in too.
Did he leave when you left?
Yes. Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me. He was following me.
What did you do?
He followed me all the way home!
That's about five blocks. And around corners too.So he was definitely following you.
Yes, he was. I'm not imagining it.Finally, just when I got home, I turned around and looked at him.He was just standing there. He didn't smile. He just stood there. It was so obvious.What should I do? I'm so scared. Can I call the police?
Actually, I don't think you can call the police. Not yet at least.He hasn't done anything. And probably the police will just ignore it.But if anything happens again, then maybe you should call.
Why can't I call the police now? He was definitely following me!
Of course you can call the police if you want. That's not what I mean. I'm just saying that they probably won't do anything.
I suppose. What can they do? I don't even know who he is.
Listen, Carol. Don't let this bother you too much.Probably it's nothing. Just keep your eyes open when you go out.If you see him a third time, and if he follows you again, then I think we should go to the police.But for now, just try not to worry.
Alright. And I won't go to that cafe for awhile.
Han Maimed, What's your plan for the weekend?
I plan to travel around Harvard University and know more about it. To tell you the truth, I plan to apply for Harvard after graduation from high school. It's better to get to know it. What about you?
I get together with my Christian brothers on Saturdays.
Oh, my God! John, I didn't know you are religious. You just look like a scientific kook, like Leonard in the Big Bang Theory.
Come on, Han Maimed, don't make a fuss. A lot of Americans, including many scientists, believe in religion.
But I'm really surprised. I thought science and religion are not compatible, are they?
Yes, they are compatible. Actually, the U. S. is both the most developed and the most religious country in the world.
I've heard about it a little bit before, but I don't understand. How can people believe in God since they know God doesn't exist?
That's a little complicated. You'll get to know it when you are acquainted with the U. S. history later on. Religion was and is a part of American people's life. Guess what? Even Harvard University, which is a highly academic institution, is in a sense the product of religion.
Really?
Absolutely! It was founded by a group of Puritan immigrants from England.
Why was it founded by the Puritans? Where were the atheistic educators?
Because most of the first English immigrants who came to the United States were Puritans.
How come? I mean why most of them were religious people?
That's because in the 16th and 17th century, there was a series of religious reforms in England. Many religious separatists were persecuted and fled to other countries.
So, you mean people didn't enjoy religious freedom in England?
Yes, that's why Puritans moved to the New World, where they believed they could establish a heaven for Puritans. Later on, it was these Puritans who founded Harvard College.
Why did they want to found a college?
Many Puritans had received classic style of higher education in Oxford University and Cambridge University back in England. They hoped that their descendants could receive this kind of education as well.
Oh, I see.
Actually Harvard was first named'New College', without a formal name.
When did it begin to be called Harvard University?
In 1639, it was renamed after its major benefactor John Harvard. Interestingly, JohnHarvard himself was a clergyman.
It seems that Harvard was predestined to be influenced by religion.
Therefore, it's not exaggerate to claim that had there not been religion, there would note Harvard.
Wow, I didn't know that religion had played such an important role in Harvard history.
Religion has been playing an indispensible part in Harvard history as well as the U. S.
I finally begin to get to know Harvard. It seems that my knowledge of Harvard is rather poor. I have a lot work to do before applying for Harvard.
Remember that Harvard is a part of the United States. So you have to know the U. S. history and culture if you want to have in-depth knowledge of Harvard. The two are closely related.
That's right. I have a lot to learn from you.
You can ask me any question at any time.
I am not convinced by your explanation. Could you explain it?
Sorry, I really can't do that. There's little time left for us.
I can't accept your excuse. It's five o'clock.
But I have an appointment with Ann.
Ok, sounds good. But I think it's your trick.
What do you do in summer?
I love going out into the countryside for walks or bike ride. I love being out in the fresh summer air. How about you?
I don't often go for walks, but I either play sports outside-you know, tennis or badminton-or just sit in the sunshine and read a good book.
What do you do in winter?
Well, I play sports indoors quite often. If I'm feeling lazy, I just watch a film at home. I prefer summer to winter.
I think most people do. I like wearing nice, colorful clothes in summer-you know, a nice dress or skirt. It's too cold for those kinds of clothes in winter.
Yes. I like wearing shorts in summer. My legs would freeze!
Do you think we'll have a nice summer this year?
Thanks to global warming, it could be hotter than ever!
I will never forget Linda. After all, she was my first lover.
I think you'll lay it to rest with the time flying.
I remember that someone says that it is difficult to forget the people who don't want to forget.
But I think time can change everything.
Could you tell me what university you want to go to, John?
Pardon?
What university would you enter?
University? Why? You asked me last year.
Oh, I forget.Sorry.
I went to Harvard University.
Did you? And what course did you take there?
God save me! Is there anything wrong with you? Didn't I tell you?
I've not known.Perhaps, I've got a bad memory.
I did a B. A. in economics.Remember?
Terrific! B. A., again and again-B. A.
I've been chosen to plan the next family reunion.
Fun for you! Do you get to do anything you want?
Yep. And I should start planning now.
Does everyone usually show up for your family reunions?
Just about. There are at least a few hundred in our immediate family alone.
How Ay days will the reunion be?
Usually it's at least five days and four nights.
This is going to be a major production for you!
Hi, my name is Lean, and I'm from Russia.
Nice to meet you, Lvan.My name is Alike. I'm from Japan.
To me English is a difficult language.
A second language is always difficult.
True, but English is harder than most.It's a crazy language.
A crazy language? Why do you say that?
One letter can have several pronunciations and one word can have several meanings.
No wonder you say English is a crazy language.
What did you think of the film?
I liked it. I thought it was great.
Yes, I liked it, too. Did you like the acting?
Yes. I thought it was excellent. Didn't you?
Not really. I thought it was disappointing.
It's a nice cinema, isn't it?
Do you think so? I don't like it very much. I found it rather uncomfortable.
What's up? You don't look too good.
Yeah, my head hurts, that's all. I'Ve been in physics class all day. It's killer!
I liked physics. It's all math, really, arcs, curves, velocity, cool stuff.
Yeah, yeah, but today's lesson was all about the creation of the universe.
A physics class about the creation of the universe? That's some pretty unscientific language there. Sounds more religious to me.
It's all religion. Take the theory of the Big Bang.How is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion? That's no better than Atlas carrying the globe on his back or African myths about turtles and stuff.
Turtles? Whatever... Look, all that's required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti-particles. At least, that's what the math says.
Math, sheath. What's the evidence?
There is evidence! You know Edwin Hubble? He's the guy who in the early twentieth century was the first scientist to measure the drift of matter in the universe, thus advancing notions of an expanding universe. What would it be expanding from? Well, the Big Bang... DUH!
Anyway, it's just a theory. Why do people go around touting theories? Where's the scientific rigor in that?
Dude, don't equivocate. A theory only becomes a theory after withstanding rigorous testing. You slept through class, didn't you?
Which film shall we see?
There is nothing good at the moment.Let's do something different.Would you like to go to a concert?
Yes, I'd love to.Here is a good one, Mozart and Beethoven.It's on the Festival Hall.Shall we go there?
Fine! Do you want anything to eat now?
No, I'm not hungry.
Well, let's go and have something to drink instead. I know a good place. It's a little expensive, but it's fun.
Everyone wants to be financial lose kill. You must invest your savings if you planed to retire rich. I'm thinking about buying stocks. It can be a good investment if I can manage well. What do you say?
I partly agree with you. Buying stocks is not difficult, but making money consistently from buying stock is very difficult. Even professionals don't find it easy, so be careful. Anyway, people like us need help with investing. Why not do some online research? There are data, reports and discussion forums to educate people on how to invest. In addition, you need to visit an established website that offers stock charts.
Wow, you sound very professional.
I just watched the investment TV program last weekend. It has become a very hot topic these days. Actually I am not even a beginner.
Can I borrow your suit?
That's out of the question.
Bill, how can you hear so happy today?
Aha. I've read of my roommate. I made a move today.
Really? What was the matter?
You knew Brain Locker?
Brain Locker? No, I don't think so. What does he look like?
Well, he's thin and tall. He has brown hair, a holt nose, green eyes and wearing glasses.
Mm. I've seen him a couple of times, I think.
Where are you from?
I'm from Guangzhou.
Where in China is Guangzhou?
It's in the South of China.
Well, I must be off now. I have an appointment at six.
In that case, I won't keep you any longer. Drop in anytime.
Ok, Goodbye.
See you later.
Hey! How was your first day of class? I'm in level two and I'm loving my class this semester! It's great being in a class of international students!
Mine was ok, except that no one in my class speaks English. I guess it will force me to converse in Chinese more in class so at least I should improve a lot this semester.
That's both fortunate and unfortunate. It's the United Nations in my class! We have people from all over the world! There are three Germans, a Pole, a Scottish, two French, an American, a Brazilian,
That's quite the array of nationalities. Everyone in my class is from Asia, except me. There are a few South Koreans, several Japanese, Malaysian, Thai, Singaporean, Filipino, Kazakhstan, and o
Well, I think you're pretty lucky actually. You'll have the opportunity to learn so much about Asian culture.
I guess so, but I think it's going to be hard to relate to my classmates, especially with the language barrier. I think I might change classes.
Don't! Stay the course! Your spoken Chinese will be eternally grateful. I bet you it will even surpass mine with all that practice.
I highly doubt it. Your girlfriend is Chinese.
Well, there is that, yes.
Hey, I'm hungry. How about you?
Yeah, I can really go for some Chinese food right now.
That's a great idea. Let's go to a Chinese restaurant.
I know one. Let's go.
Good morning, Miss Li.
Morning, Mike.
I'm sorry that I was absent yesterday.
I'Ve already got your certificate for sick-leave. How do you feel today?
I feel much better now.
Have you received the reading material handed out yesterday?
I'Ve already got it. Thanks.
I will explain it in detail in the next class. Could you preview it?
I will.
Do you like flowers?
Of course, I like.
What's your favorite flower?
Forsythia. It's also called winter jasmine which is the symbol of the spring's arrival.
Spring is a lively season.
Yes. How about you?
I admire plum blossoms very much. It seems that only it can blossom in the cold winter.
You have a perfect taste!
It is the symbol of laughing at hoar frost and fighting with snow. I admire the bravery of plum blossoms.
But it used to be ignored by many people.
The bright people will remember it forever.
Well, it's snowing. Let's enjoy the plum blossoms when snowing.
What is the weather like today?
It stops snowing, but there's a bit wind.
And the streets are covered with ice. Do you know what the temperature is today?
I missed today's weather for cast in the radio
It seems 10 degree below zero at least. I don't mind the cold weather, but do hate when it get slippery.
The ice is soon be thick for skating. I'm so fine to want a sport
That's fine. let's go skating together tomorrow.
What kind of music do you like listening to?
I like music that has a fast beat and is lively, like dance music. You know, I go to a disco almost every week. Sometimes it's too loud though. You prefer classical music, don't you?
Yes, I do. I find it very relaxing. I often listen to Mozart or Bach in the evening after a hard day at work.
I must admit that I like several pieces of classical music. It's certainly more sophisticated that modern dance music.
Classical music is supposed to be good for you brain. Research suggest that it makes your brain more active. Students who listen to classical music while studying perform better.
Really? Perhaps I should listen to classical music often. I heard that listening to classical music is helpful in reducing stress.
Yes. That's why I listen to it in the evenings. I usually play it as background music while I'm cooking or doing other housework.
I'Ve got a few classical music CD's. I should follow your lead and increase my brian power.
You can find plenty of recording on the internet too. You can listen to samples and then buy them very cheaply if you like them.
That's a good idea. You should do the same with some music. You might find something you like. Classical music might make you clever, but dance might make you livelier and happier.
That's true. There's clear evidence that people who listen to lively music are lively people. Music can influence a person's feeling and character.
There is a new coffee shop opening up down the street.
I hope that they have a good menu. Most coffee shops only have coffee and Danish.
That's right. You don't drink coffee, do you?
No, so it's usually boring to join my friends in the afternoon at a regular coffee shop.
What kind of things would you like to see on the menu?
Maybe a fruit salad and a few different hot sandwiches at least.
That shouldn't be too difficult. Since this is a small neighborhood, maybe they will take this suggestion.
Let's try it!
Darling, I have news for you. Bobby and his wife, Evelyn, are going to have a baby soon.
Really? I thought his wife couldn't have a baby.
Actually they're expecting the baby to come on my birthday.
Oh, what a coincidence! I bet Bobby must be very happy about it. He likes children and always wants a child of his own.
In fact, they're both very excited about the coming baby. Evelyn imagines what their baby would be look like, since one parent is American and the other one is Chinese.
Oh, right. Now I know why they would want to see our boy. It's hard to imagine the wonder! Are they expecting a boy or a girl?
It's still a mystery. Because Evelyn is only three-month pregnant. But she begins to take her maternity leave now.
Oh! You mean she doesn't have to work now? It's hard for young parents not to overreact, isn't it?
Well, I am a regular member of this club.
Do you have to pay to join?
Yes, membership fees vary depending on the club but usually they run into tens of thousands of dollars.
Wow, that much? Don't they have any public courses?
Very few, unfortunately.
How was your game today?
Extremely good. I shot a 78, including 5 birdies!
Congratulations! What's your normal handicap?
Ten. How did your game go?
My drives were terrible today. I kept slicing the ball into the roughs and sand traps.
Maybe you can correct it by going to a driving range before you play again.
The concert was really great.
I agree.
The singing group used to be very popular.
I can't believe they would play so good.
I have tickets to The Phantom of the Opera on Friday night. Would you like to go?
Thanks. I'd love to. What time is the show?
It's at 8: 00.
That sounds great. So, do you want to have dinner at 6:00?
Uh, I'd like to, but I have to work late.
Oh, that's OK. Let's just meet at the theater before the show, around 7:30.
That sounds fine.
Is the Chinese team taking the lead?
No, it's the Japanese team.
Japanese teams always play a dark horse.
Well, their team work is well worth learning.
Do you mind if I ask your friend out?
Of course, but we aren't going out, we're just friends.
Okay, that's good.
Do you want me to put in a good word for you?
Harry is so down that he won't talk to anyone.
I know only too well what that's like.
What do you mean?
I was very sad when I was laid off last year.
Hi, Is that David?
Hi, Jenny. It's David here.
Hey, what's new?
Not much. My girlfriend just dumped me.
Sorry to hear that. What happened?
Well, she told me things just weren't working out and we weren't right together. But I thought things were just great. Why did she say this? It's completely out of the blue.
Hey, that's not the girl with pink hair, is it? The girl I saw with Jack yesterday.
What? She was cheating on me with that ugly guy. Oh, no, I feel like such a loser.
Hey, she is not worth it. Forget her.
But she lied to me.
Hey, she is not worth it. Anyway, there are plenty more fish in the sea. Listen, let's go for a drink in the town. How about that?
Ok, then.
But you have to promise me that you are not gonna wear that face.
What face?
The one where you look like your dog just died. You have to get over her and the sooner the better.
Yeah, I know. You are right.
This is a nice set of wheels. How much did the dealer charge you for this?
A lot. I probably got to moonlight for the rest of my life, but so what, it's worth it. Come on, get in. Let's take a drive.
Okay then, let's go fast! Whoa! This thing can really accelerate fast.
Check out what happens when I put on the brakes suddenly. It can stop quickly.
Hey, just watch out for cops or you're gonna end up in the slammer. You know you tend to go fast?
Yes, I know it. I went through my last set of tires fast. I even had three flat tires in two weeks.
Now watch... some guys probably run a light and hit your car.
Cut out, would you?
When's your birthday?
It's just around the corner.
Bob is getting on in years.
Yeah, I'm very worried about his health.
He looks tired all the time.
He's working too hard.
Which church do you attend?
I am Mormon, so I go to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.
What's the difference between this and other Churches?
Mormons believe that, after the death of Christ and the death of the Apostles 10, their church Christ founded became corrupt and the authority of Christ on earth was lost to men. In 1830, a prophet named Joseph Smith was brought up by God to restore the church.
Then does that mean the other churches are corrupt?
That means that they all have parts of the original gospel, but not all.
Do you believe that Mormons have all of it?
Yes.
Why do you really go to church?
We gather together to encourage each other, because we have common beliefs. We come together and call it church.
Sorry I was late for the meeting today. I got stuck in traffic.
That's okay. Better late than never.
Hello! What are you reading about in the newspaper?
Hello! I was exhausted some studying, so I decided to read the newspaper to relax. Unfortunately, the news is so depressing. There has been another murder in the city center. I'm shocked that the police haven't caught the killer yet.
People are starting to get frightened by it. Everyone will be relieved when they finally catch the murder.
You mean "if" they catch the murderer. I'm scared stiff about going into the city center at night.
There must have been some good news in the newspaper. I can't believe that none of the news stories make you happy or excited.
Well, there was one good piece of news. You remember the local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease?
Yes. Her parents were raising money to have her treated in the united states.
Well, they'Ve got the money and she's going tomorrow for treatment.
I'm so happy for the family! They must be very relieved and excited about that.
I'm sure they are. Oh, and a local man won the lottery. I'm so jealous! I wish it were me! I buy a lottery ticket every week and I'm amazed that I haven't even won a small prize yet. It's so unfair!
Don't be moody! I hope you're not tired, because we'Ve been invited to a party this evening. I know how excited you get about parties.
Hi! Tom. Want to go to play bowling tonight?
Sounds good. When and where shall we meet?
Let me see. How about 6:30 at the gate of the club?
Fine, see you then.
Are there many idioms in English?
There are hundreds and hundreds.English is particularly rich in idiomatic expressions.
Can you give us an example?
I'll look up the rate.To look up doesn't mean to look high into the sky or to look at the roof.It means to search for and find some information.
What about the expression goodbye? Is that an idiom?
That is just a natural, grammatical English expression.It has a direct translation in other languages.
This is interesting, Ms.Parker.
Why did the teacher criticise Myra in front of the whole class?
Because Myra was cheating on exams, and she spoke back rudely.
I don't think that Myra should have spoken so rudely to the teacher. I know she was angry, but that's still no excuse for rudeness.
Do you know where I can park?
Do you need a spot here or off campus?
I want a space on campus.
There's a parking structure for students.
Where can I find it?
Go to the western side of the campus, and you'll find it there.
Is it full?
When I went up there, it wasn't full at all.
When was that?
Sometime this morning.
Would it be full now?
I am really not sure.
Have you heard of the Love Bug?
Do you mean the'I love you'virus that attacks computers through e-mail?
Yes. It is one of the most harmful computer viruses in the world. People say it will break out again om Valentines'Day this year.
This is terrible. Why do hackers play such a dirty trick?
Hackers are smart, and they want people to know about it.
So they create viruses to tell people they are smart? That's really sick.
I am confused by what he said.
Why do you say that?
I don't know what he wants to do. Does he want help me or just scold me?
Think a little. I think he means well at the bottom of his heart.
Where are you going?
I'm going to the hospital.
What's the matter?
Professor Wang was hurt in a traffic accident.
That's too bad. How are things now?
His life is hanging by a thread, and he is under an emergency treatment.
Want to meet for lunch this Saturday?
Sorry, I can't. I am busy.
What are you doing?
I always do volunteer work on the first Saturday of every month.
What kind of volunteer work?
I help out at the children's hospital. I help plan activities.
Oh, yeah?
Yes, it's exciting. This month we are doing crossword puzzles.
Are the children all grown up now, Rose?
Oh, yes. Laura's the oldest. She's a computer programmer.
Oh, very interesting. And what about Rita? She was such a bright child  always reading.
She's a librarian at the public library.
Really? And Chris? She was a very pretty little girl.
Christy is working as a waitress at a restaurant in Paris. She's married to a French photographer.
Oh, how interesting. And what about Larry and Rocky?
Larry drives a truck. He drives all over the country. We hardly ever seen him.
Really? Where does he live now?
Colorado.
And does Rocky drive a truck, too?
Oh, no. Rocky is a pilot.
Really? Where does he fly? Does he fly to other countries?
Yes. Mostly to England and France.
Merry Christmas, Linda!
Merry Christmas, Lee!
Linda, thank you for this wonderful Christmas dinner. I really enjoyed it.
Thank you for coming. I'm glad you liked it.
Where's your better half?
She's at home.
Look, there are some words on the fish.
I know that they are auspicious fish. It's quite popular nowadays.
For God's sake! It's too bloody. How can people be so cruel?
Not at all. I think the tattoos are so cool and chic.
You can't prick the fish to please the sick tastes of some bloody people.
Honey, it's not so serious. It's just an animal.
Just an animal? But it has life too. If you want a tattoo, get one. It's your choice because you want it. But has anyone asked the fish if it wanted one?
OK, I understand, but what else could we do?
Who's singing in your home, Jim?
It's Ellie and her friends.
Who's Ellie?
She's my little niece.It's her birthday.They're singing "Happy Birthday".
Oh, I see.how old is she?
She's ten.
I suppose they're playing games.
Oh, yes.Ellie was playing games all day yesterday.By the way, Alice, when's your birthday?
Today.
Today?
Yes.
Well, imagine that! How old are you?
Eighteen.Some friends are having a birthday party for me tonight.Do you want to come?
Very much.What time?
About 6:00.
I'll be at your house at about 5:30. Happy birthday.
Well, it was nice meeting you.
Yes, I hope we meet again.
Sure, I'll give you a call.
Okay.
I saw an interesting program on TV last night. It was about elderly people.
And what did the program say?
It said that people with a positive attitude 7 tend to live longer and happier.
I think that many physicians 8 now agree with that idea.
And the TV program also said that physical exercise helps people deal with stress.
And the most active older people seem to enjoy some kind of physical exercise. My father is over 60 years old, and he lifts weights every day.
Did you see the information on sales for last year? The sales review was made at our last board meeting. There's a great news for our shareholders.
Yeah, I went over the figures this morning. We're finally started making money again!
We've never sold this much before, our growth this year has been phenomenal. We have captured 8 % of the market, up from last year by 120 %. Our strategy is working!
not only our annual sales brake a record, but our month by month earnings exceeded our forecast as well. After a two-year slump, we finally back in the black.
The company's performance has improved since Wallace became president. He's made our little business into a real lucrative operation. Products are selling like hotcakes.
I think our success is partly because of Wallace's contribution, and partly because of our new marketing strategy. Because of the new advertising campaign, we have become the top sellers in the field.
Let's hope this stroke of good luck lasts. I hope we are over our financial difficulties for good.
Let's hope it is!
What a letdown. I wanted to experience some Mafia culture firsthand.
It's worth it just to go and eat what the mafia eat! The five-dollar tiramisu is a culinary orgasm.
Such a thing exists?
Fortunately, yes. You're blushing!
Am I? Um... my face gets red when I walk too fast.
You're embarrassed, aren't you? You gotta loosen up in Little Italy. The lady at the cafe will kiss you when you meet her...
Did you get any rewards or honors in college?
Yes, I received the scholarship 3 times on end.
Did you join the Communist Party of China ( CPC )?
Yes, I joined the CPC when I was a freshman
Your brand new car is so excellent. I like it very much.
Let's go for a joy ride.
Are you watching the soccer match tonight? It must be the most exciting one in this season.
Well, of course I can't miss it. Which team are you for?
Manchester United. What about you?
Me too. Do you think they are going to get the championship this time?
I have confidence in them.
The weekend's finally here!
And it's a long one. I have Monday off. It's Memorial Day or something like that.
Yep. It's the kickoff of the barbecue season. We're invited to a grill party in the park tomorrow.
Sounds good. What do we need to bring?
We need to buy some buns for the hot dogs and hamburgers, and I'm making potato salad.
I'll dig out the Frisbee and my kite from Taiwan.
Hi, Martin. I'Ve been looking for you all morning.
What's up?
I want to say goodbye. I'm leaving for America tomorrow.
America? Did you get admit to MIT?
Yes.
Congratulations! Susan. I'm so happy for you.
Thank you.
Really going to miss you.
Me too. I'll write to you once I get settled. But I have so much to do. You might have to wait a while. But I really will write to you. I love to write letters. I think it's more meaning than the emails even than the phone call.
Ok. Take care. Have a nice journey.
Thank you.
Look after yourself. Bye.
Bye.
You know, Taylor's been in the hospital for a couple of days.
And I'm the one who put him there with my football moves.
But you're not to blame for them keeping him there.
Yeah, what was all that stuff about running tests about anyway?
I'm not sure, but we can find out. I bought some crosswords to keep him busy.
Great, then let's go visit him. I want to give him some flowers, too, to say sorry.
Did you see Ally Mabel last night?
Yes, I did. Did you?
Yes, wasn't it funny?
Oh yes, I loved it. Wasn't the scene with the judge great?
Ha, yes, brilliant!
Look out! Your tea water is running over.
Oh, would you please turn off the fire? My hands are sticky with the dough.
Sure.
Thanks.
Did you see May today?
Yes, but why does she have such a long face?
I don't have the foggiest idea.
I thought she'd be happy.
Yeah, especially since she got a promotion recently.
I don't know. Maybe it's some kind of personal problem.
I don't think the teacher had a right to say that. The teacher was wrong to have accused her in front of the whole class.
You've got to be joking! It's the teacher's right to say anything wants, and if she saw Myra cheating, she certainly had the right to say so.
I agree she had the right to say something, but I feel she should have done it privately.
You're right. If I were the teacher, I wouldn't have done that.
Come on in. I am so glad you are here. We have been expecting you.
Am I late for the party? Looks everyone is already here. Hope I didn't miss something interesting.
No, you are just on time. We haven't really started yet.
Great, here are some flowers for you. I hope you like them. I was not sure if the color will suit your new apartment.
Thank you, they're beautiful. You can hang your coat over there. Try this new couch, it is so comfortable. You will love it. Want something to drink, tea, coffee, juice or Cola?
Don't bother. I will help myself.
Make yourself at home.
It is such a nice place.
Well, I don't mean to boast but all the designs are done by myself and some colleagues are already trying to copy some of them for their new apartments. Look, they are making photos now of my designed kitchen.
Steven, would you like to go dance with us tonight?
John, I am just not in the mood for this.
You look so upset. What's going on?
I lost the table tennis game yesterday.
Oh, what a pity!
I just don't want to play table tennis any more.
Is it that bad? It's nothing more than a game.
My opponent bowled me with the very first ball. I was wondering if it's appropriate for me to play table tennis.
Oh, come on! Failure is the mother of success. Don't lose heart. I'm sure you'll succeed.
Perhaps you are right. But I still need some time to recover from the failure.
I understand.
The band is pretty good. How do you like the music?
It's very nice. I haven't heard live music in a while. This is fun.
Well, then, may I invite you for the next dance?
Of course. But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer...
Don't worry. I'm not much of a dancer myself.
You're dancing so well.
You dance beautifully too.
When did you learn to dance?
In college. But I don't dance very often. What's your favourite dance?
It's hard to say. It depends. But I love the waltz.
How about tango?
Oh, I like it. It's such a beautiful dance, but I can't do it well. What about you?
Tango is my favorite. Anything but hip-hop or the foxtrot. ( the music has stopped )
Thank you for the dance.
My pleasure. Let's go and have a drink.
OK.
I think the biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution.
Yes, I agree. The air here is much more polluted than in my country. Of course, my country is more agricultural and has much less industry.
We have reduced emission of air pollutants in recent years, but cars are still a major source of them. Factories have become cleaner as stricter environment pollution law have been introduced.
The problem is now on a truly global scale. I don't believe that any single country can do anything about it.
I think you're right. There needs to be an international response to this problem?
I just had a terrible week.
What a shame!
I fell down and hurt my arm.
That's too bad.
Then my son drove into a tree.
I'm sorry to hear that.
The dog bit the delivery boy.
What a pity!
And a storm blew our roof away.
Ho, no!
I'm so excited, mother. Oh, a new baby!
My first grandchild.
And my first nephew. He looks a lot like you, mum. He does.
Do you think so? Well, I guess. He does look a lot like me. Oh, he's got Richard's eyes though.
Yes, he does have Richard's eyes. The baby even looks like you than Richard does.
Well, children usually resemble their parents.
It's true. Michelle is a lot like Henry in so many ways. And she is shy with new people just like he is.
You often like comparing children with their parents.
You're right.
When do you go to bed usually?
I go to bed at ten and get up at six.
That's helpful for your health.
Sure.
Have you been ever been to Disneyworld?
When I was young, my parents took me to the one in California. I always forget which  is that one Disneyland or Disneyworld?
The one in Florida is Disneyworld and the one in California is Disneyland, so you must have been to Disneyland.
That's right. Why do you ask?
Well, I've never been to either so I was thinking of going to Disneyworld for my honeymoon.
When are getting married?
Some time next year. We haven't set the date yet.
Congratulations! I had no idea.
Thank you. So what do you think? Would we have a good time?
Do you like amusement parks?
For the most part, yes. Some of the rides are bit too scary for me, though.
If you don't think twice about the rides and go on every ride that you can, you'll have a good time.
Even the roller coasters that go through tunnels in the dark?
Even those. It'll be very romantic, I think. You'll have loads of fun.
Thanks for the advice. I'll talk to my fiance about it tonight.
I'm sure he'll love the idea. Just throw yourself into it and you'll enjoy it!
Can you speak French?
Yes, I can, but not very well.
Can you understand your Spanish teacher?
More or less. How well do you understand Mr. Wang, your Chinese teacher?
About 40 percent, if he speaks slowly.When he speaks fast, I can only catch a word here and there. But Mr. Wang is an excellent Chinese teacher.With his help, my Chinese is getting better and better e
you look better today. How did your test go?
much better than it did yesterday.
did you pass?
I not only passed my test, but I aced it! I'm so happy!
you should be. You worked really hard last night preparing for it.
thanks for helping me with it. If you hadn't encouraged me to do my best, I wouldn't have ever been able to pass.
you don't have to thank me. It's just a part of my job as your counsellor.
did you always do well at school?
no, in fact, I was terrible at taking exams.
really?
sure, but my teachers always encouraged me to do the best that I could and that helped me a lot. When are your final exams?
I'll get my finals in two months.
when do you plan on studying for those exams?
most students just cram the night forehead.
do you think that's a good idea?
no, I think I should study a little bit at a time, starting a few weeks before the exam.
that sounds like a good idea. What are you going to do if you have any questions while you're studying?
I'll go and talk to my professor or a learning support assistant.
it sounds like you've learned something useful this year!
Can I borrow your Cds for our school dance?
Oh, you don't ask much, do you?
I promise I will personally guard every single one and they will come back in perfect condition.
I'll tell you what. Your class can rent them from me for the night and buy back any damaged ones.
That sounds fair. That's still cheaper than paying a band to come play for us.
Not as fun though. A live band is way more exciting!
Our class doesn't have enough money. We already checked into it.
Let me know with your next dance. I know a band that may give you a break for the publicity.
Do you want to go to the beach tonight?
Sure, which beach are we going to?
I wanted to go to Malibu beach.
I like Santa Monica.
The water there looks so dirty.
I just like the pier they have at Santa Monica.
I like the pier too, because it's beautiful at night.
Is Malibu beach nice?
It's a lot nicer, and I really like it better.
So you want to go to Malibu?
If that's okay with you.
Sure, let's go to Malibu.
There are so many environment problems in the world today. Do you think we can really solve them all or will destroy the world?
I hope that world leaders can get together and agree on a plan for action, but I doubt it'll happen before it's too late.
We need to solve the problem of air pollution before we destroy the atmosphere. There's lots of clean, modern technology, but companies in developed countries say it's expensive. Developing countries put more emphasis on economic development than on environment protection.
Everyone is looking at the issue in the short term, rather than the long term. It's the same with the destruction of the rainforests. Countries and companies just want the wood. They're not thinking about the long-term damage to the forests. We should also remember that the forests are an important natural habitat for thousands of species of animal and plant life.
In other parts of the world, especially in Africa, there is a problem with desertification. Climate change and over-farming are causing farmland to turn into desert. In means that people cannot grow enough food.
It also means that people sometimes fight over the famp 3land that remains. Damaging the environment actually leads to conflict between people.
Have you ever thought about joining an organization committed to protecting the environment? You could get involved with projects to improve the environment.
I think I'd like to do that. I could take the things I learn here back to my country when I have finished my studies.
Kathy! How are you? It's been ages! What are you doing these days?
I just opened my own restaurant. I'm also head chef.
You're kidding! You've always hated cooking!
Well, I used to hate cooking, but now I love it.
When did you change your mind?
After I tried French food. Before that, I used to cook really boring things for my family.
I still can't believe it! So, did you go to cooking school or something?
Yeah. I went to California to study.
Really? How long did you stay there?
I was there between 88 and 90.
And what did you do after that?
Then I came back here. I worked for about three years to get some experience.
Susan, I am inviting you and Frank to our house warming party this weekend.
A house warming party?
Yes, Deborah and I are going to buy a new home in Woodlawn.
Congratulations! That's wonderful. I bet both of you are quite happy.
Well, we have always dreamed of owning our own home, but real estate 1 in this area is extremely expensive.
I understand. That's why Christopher and I want to find a place in a small town, far from the city.
That's a good idea if you can find employment nearby.
I agree. That's why Christopher is already looking for a job in Maine, or Wisconsin.
What can I do for you?
I am trying to find this book.
What's the problem?
It doesn't seem like this library has it.
Have you checked the computer?
I have already.
What did it say?
It says the book is on the shelf, but I didn't find it there.
I can always borrow the book from another library.
You can do that?
I'll make the call and contact you when it gets in.
That's fantastic. Thank you.
ABC Rent-a-Car. May I help you?
I would like to rent a car. What kind of car do you have?
We have Volkswagen, Pinto, Plymouth and Datsun.
What is the rate?
Twenty dollars per day for Volkswagen, Pinto and Datsun, and twenty-seven dollars for Plymouth.
How about mileage and gas?
There is no charge for mileage. And fill up the gas when you return the car to us as it is not included.
OK. I'll try a Pinto. I want to rent a car for one week.
All right, sir. May I have your driver's license?
Here you are.
Would you be willing to accompany me to the party tonight?
Sure, I'd love to.
Which film shall we see?
There is nothing good at the moment.Let's do something different.Would you like to go to a concert?
Yes, I'd love to.Here is a good one, Mozart and Beethoven.It's on the Festival Hall.
Fine! Do you want anything to eat now?
No, I'm not hungry.
Well, let's go and have something to drink instead. I know a good place. It's a little expensive, but it's fun.
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China, isn't it?
Yes, that's true.
How long is the holiday?
It depends.But usually it's about 15 days.
Do you eat any special food for the festival?
Yes, dumpling is a must.There is also other food.For example, people eat chicken for good luck.
That's interesting. I'm told the Chinese firework is very beautiful, isn't it?
Yes, it's really wonderful!
Oh, great! I hope I can spend this Spring Festival with you here in Beijing.
I'm sure you'll have a good time.
I'm really sick of waiting for a bus.
Yeah.Especially when you have something urgent to do.
But a taxi costs too much.
That's true.
I feel absolutely horrible. My temperature is 41 degrees Celsius, and I've got a headache and a runny nose.
do you have any other symptoms?
I've also got a terrible stomach-ache. Is my face still swollen?
just a little. Has your toothache gone now?
yes, for the most part. It doesn't feel as bad as my other ailments, anyway.
how about your tongue? Does it still hurt?
no, the burn ointment seemed to take effect right away. I think it's already healed.
how did you get that burn again?
I scalded on the hot coffee a few days ago.
you haven't had much luck lately, have you?
no, but I'm sure I'll get better soon.
when's the last time you took your tablets?
I took the red ones just before lunch and the white ones just after lunch.
I think it's time you took another does of each. What would you like to drink with them?
just some water, please. Do you have any ointment for my nose? It feels so itchy after blowing my nose so much.
sure, I'll just go and get it now. what would you like to eat? Some soup?
that sounds good.
soup always makes me feel better when I'm sick. I hope it makes you feel better, too.
I haven't got enough evidence for prosecuting him.
Why don't you find someone who is in the know.
I'm just thinking about that, but the trouble is, I don't know who is well in the know.
Did you ask his former secretary, Lora? She knows a lot about him.
Thanks for reminding me. She's the right person to help me.
What are you two doing in here?
We heard you weren't feeling well, so we came to check on you.
I was sitting there giving out nametags and all of a sudden, there she was.
Who, Femi? Yeah, Yi-jun saw her inside.
All these memories of prom night came back to me. I had to be alone. You remember that night?
I remember someone spiked my punch. You sat with me in the girl's bathroom...
You're not looking happy.What's the matter?
Oh, nothing special. I'm just a bit tired.
With the job?
With everything, with everybody, with all this!
A good suggestion for you.You need a holiday.
It wasn't always like this, you know.
What do you mean?
Well, I mean.We always do the same thing.There's no variety in our lives.
You need a holiday.That's what's the matter.
Certainly, perhaps.
Oh dear, Miss, you are soaked! Wow, it's really raining heavily outside.
Yes, it sure is. I had to run here from work! I need to rush as I'm on my lunch break.
Well please, why don't you go ahead of me in line? I'm in no hurry.
Oh, that's so nice of you! Thank you very much.
My pleasure Miss. Actually, could you recommend what to eat here? I've never been here before.
Sure. Well, the avocado sandwich is delicious, and it's the healthiest thing on the menu. Personally, I think the beef salad is the tastiest choice. I usually get that. Also, the milkshakes are the best milkshakes in town!
Well, thanks for the suggestions.
Oh, don't mention it.
Dad, what's the date?
It's December eighteenth.
In seven days it will be Christmas Day.
Yes, I know that.
So, can I buy some new shoes as a Christmas present?
Sure, a promise is a promise.
What happen, John?
Nothing.
Why do you look unhappy?
I'm rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off.
Oh, cheer up. He'll understand you.
This man is your fiance, Dolly?
Yeah, how do you like him?
He's handsome.
Can you give me a touch of his character?
He's outgoing and honest, but sometimes he's a bit conservative.
Do you think I should buy this now and bring it with us?
Don't bother. those are a dime a dozen where we are going.
Brooke, are you still mad? Is your mom mad?
No... mom said that we'll have the wedding at home on the 2nd. So let's hope your mom is right about that being a lucky day...
It will be. And today is, too. I just talked to the airlines...
They're going to give us back the seats?
No, they're giving us discount tickets on a honeymoon package in...
Hawaii? My dream honeymoon destination?
You got it! We'll fly there directly from Texas.
Oh, Jack! That's wonderful!
The world changes, the family changes too.
What do you mean?
People now like a small family composed of two parents and one child.
That is called a nuclear family.
I don't like such a family.
What kind of family are you like?
I like a family composed of many people. It includes grandparents, parents, aunts and uncles, and children.
It's a traditional family. It may be too large to live well.
We can live well, I think.
What was that all about?
We had a difference of opinion.
Is she going to be okay?
She'll be fine.
Is sailing fun?
You bet!
John dates her seven times a week.
Really? That's a straws in the wind.
I think so. Maybe he's fallen for her.
Yeah. They suit each other. A perfect match between a man and a girl.
Right.
I was told my friend Joe was speaking ill of me. That's a real let-down.
I don't think Joe has done such a thing. Don't believe things in haste.
Maybe I should go and ask him whether it's true.
Good morning, Loans.
Good morning, Mr. Smith.
I would like to compliment you on your diligence.
Well, thank you, Mr. Smith. But I was just doing my job.
Yes. And we're proud of you, Loans.
It's nice of you to say so.
Which countries have you been to?
I'Ve been to most of the countries in Europe, several countries in asia-china, Japan, korea, and Thailand-and to the united states and Canada.
I thought you had been to Australia too.
No, but I'm planning on visiting Australia and new Zealand soon. I'Ve heard that they are beautiful countries. Which is the most beautiful country you'Ve been to?
I think I'd say norway. It has many picturesque fjords, waterfalls, and mountains.
Isn't it really cold there?
Well, the north of Norway is almost always cold, but further south it can be fairly warm in summer. It's a wet country, so there's snow almost everywhere in winter.
I'Ve been to other Scandinavian countries, but not to Norway. Perhaps I should go and do some winter sports there.
Alison, would you like to have some more?
No thanks. I have had enough.
Actually you haven't have much.
To tell you the truth, I am on the diet.
That sounds ridiculous. Why?
Well, I am gaining weight these days, and I have to watch my calories.
Welcome to my birthday party, I am so happy you can come.
Thanks for inviting me. Here is the gift for you. Happy birthday, Francis! Many more happy and healthy years for you!
Thank you, shall I open it now?
Yes, please do.
Wow, a remote car model and my favorite brand. I really like it. That is so nice of you.
Yeah, I was really struggling whether I should give you this nice little car. It was the last one they had and I really like it so much myself.
Typical you, always wanting to keep the best things for yourself. The more I appreciate the gift now.
Did you read the news that'China's property prices rose at the fastest pace in 18 months in December, ending the year with rising fears of bubbles in the property market'?
No. Does the newspaper say what has caused that?
Yes. It says the hike was a result of purchase rush in the fourth quarter on expectations of tightening politics.
I think the government should make a serves of moves to cool the market.
Right. The climbing property prices has become a headache for Chinese residents.
I think that show biz stars have a really easy life. They have lots of money, so they can buy almost anything they want. They're famous, so everyone loves them.
I think they must have horrible lives. All the paparazzi take photos of them wherever they go and whatever they do. They must get sick of it.
I bet they love it really. Sure, they complain about it, but that just gets them more publicity, doesn't it?
I think that few of the show biz stars want any publicity for themselves. They only want it for their films.
No way! They want publicity for themselves, so that they get invited to make more films, go to lots of cocktail parties, and even make albums! They have such an easy life. They don't even pay for drinks when they go to a cocktail party.
Show biz stars have plenty of expenses. That's why they need so much money. They need million of dollars to buy big, seclude houses and wonderful dresses. I bet most show biz stars would prefer to wear jeans and a t-shirt, but they can't because their managers force them to wear clothes they don't like.
I don't understand how you can have any sympathy for show biz stars. They're overpaid, over-ambitious, and over-adored.
I think you should give them some credit. They're very talented people and they deserve all the money they earn. They even donate money to charity to help people who are less fortunate than themselves.
Come on! They only do that to get even more publicity for their films and themselves
Hi, it is a pleasant surprise!
Yeah, it's been ages! So how have you been?
Couldn't be better. And you?
Just as usual, you know.
Hey, Mary, can you cut that out?
Cut what out I'm not doing anything.
The tapping of your pen on your desk. It's driving me crazy.
Fine! By the way would you mind not slurping your coffee every time you have a cup!
I don't slurp my coffee. And plus, how can you hear it when you're shouting into your phone all the time?
You'Ve got to be kidding me! You're complaining about me talking on the phone when you go out for a cigarette break ten times a day to shoot the breeze?
Look, we have a lot of accumulated anger from working in these conditions, and it's probably okay to let off steam once in a while. But, it's probably not a good idea to keep it up I'm willing to forgive and forget and if you are.
Fine. Let's call a truce. I'll try to more considerate and to keep the noise down.
Yeah, I'll try to do the same. So, I was wondering you wanna go out to dinner Friday night?
The weather in Beijing is just beautiful!
Autumn is the best season in Beijing, you know.
Yes, I can see. The summer heat is over, and the winter cold is still far away.
What is the weather like in Washington at this time of this year?
Autumn is also very nice in Washington.
Is it very cold in winter there?
No, it isn't. But sometimes it snows a lot in winter.
Does it rain a lot in summer there?
Oh yes! Sometimes it rains very heavily.How about here in Beijing?
There's a lot of rain in summer, but it seldom rains in autumn.
I feel it's rather dry here.
That's true. Many people from the south don't like the weather here.
Are you from the south?
No, I'm from the north. I was born in Beijing, actually.
I see.so this is your hometown?
Mike, come and look at this painting of shrimp! It is so simple yet so vivid!
Yeah. It is incredible! Is it the work of Qi Bakshi?
Yes, it is. How do you know that?
Well, Qi is famous all over the world, isn't he? Besides I am quite interested in Chinese painting.
Cool! What kind of Chinese painting do you prefer, free sketch or claborate-style painting?
I prefer free sketch, especially the landscape paintings. I can always feel peace and harmony from those landscape paintings.
That's true. Chinese art stresses the harmony between man and nature, which is an important part of China's traditional culture.
I love this art exhibition!
So do I. Let's go to other areas to see what they have got, shall we?
OK.
Lousy weather, isn't it?
It has stopped snowing, but it's even colder.
Look at the ice there hanging from the eaves.
And the streets are covered with snow.
Do you know what the temperature is today?
I missed today's weather forecast over the TV.
It feels like ten degrees below zero at least. I don't mind the cold weather but I do hate it when it gets slippery.
The ice will soon be thick enough for skating. I am so fond of winter sports.
That's great. Let's go skating together tomorrow.
Nick, it's very nice of you to see me off.
You're welcome. Did you have a good time on this vacation?
Very well. If I leave I'll miss you.
Me too. Please write to me as soon as you get Boston.
I'm sure and I remembered your phone number. I'll call you.
OK, they begin to register.
It's time I left.
Have a nice journey! Do give my regards to your parents.
What are your working hours?
Eight to twelve in the morning, two to six in the afternoon.
Much better than mine.
What are your hours?
Mine aren't fixed. Sometimes I do the day shift, sometimes the night shift.
Would it be all right if I went home next weekend?
For What?
Well, I want to surprise my brother showing up for his birthday.
Well, that sounds like it would be OK. Just be careful.
Could you tell me what university you went to, Mr. Smith?
I went to Yale University.
Did you? And what did you study?
I have a B. A. in Economics.
Would you mind telling me how old you are?
I'm twenty-seven.
And could you tell me what other jobs you have had?
Yes, I have worked in a bank for the last years.
And what was your salary at the bank?
I got $ 500 a week.
Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I'm all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.
I am going to celebrate my birthday with you all in a night club this year, what do you say?
Fantastic! I enjoy clubbing, especially those clubs with live bands. The only fly in the ointment is that the air is bad, full of smoke, and the music is too loud, so conversations are not really possible. Once I nearly got burnt by a cigarette.
How did that happen?
A wild dancer dropped it on my left foot and said nothing about it. If I had drunk enough and I would have had the bold to punch him in the face.
Sounds cool! But that is not what a lady should do. People are easy to lose head in a night club and being drunk.
What do you do for a living?
I'm a doctor.
Really? Do you like it?
Yes, I do. It's very interesting. What's your job?
I'm a bus driver.
Oh, do you enjoy it?
No, I don't really like it. It's boring.
what a nice garden! Look at these tulips!
that would be a good shot. Can you take my picture here, dear? Please try to get the garden in the frame as well.
all right. Would you please stand closer to the flower bed? Good. Smile. Say "cheese". OK, got you. That's terrific.
thanks. Could you take one more from this angle?
no problem.
now let's have one together.
do you know how to set the timer?
let me see... set the timer first and push the button, oh, come here.
OK, let's have a try.
cheese...
did it come out?
yes, but it's blurred and a little dark.
never mind. Let's go to the falls and try again.
Ok, let's go.
Did you watch television last night, Charles?
Yes, I did.
It was a good game, wasn't it?
Oh, I didn't watch the football match. I wanted to but my wife preferred to see the old film.
What a pity. It was quite exciting. Both teams played very well.
How did it finish?
It finished in a draw. What was the film like?
It was quite good. But. I missed the beginning of it because I had to eat first.
Did your wife enjoy it?
No, she didn't. After half an hour she stopped watching and started to read a book.
Hey, Vernassa. why be angry look?
It's the new neighbor. I hate her guts.
I've never seen you so worked up. what did she do to you?
She made another white crack about my clothes.
Are you sure she was trying to put you down?
Of course, I am sure.
You shall go easy on her. she is new here.
Just how am I supposed to do that?
You shall just take it in surprise.
I've tried, but she keeps pushing my buttons.
Try to pull it together, Vernassa. I am sure things will turn note, ok?
I am not. she is no picnic.
Well. if you think I can help, let me know.
Thanks, Serena.
I'm forming a music band.
Do you already know how to play an instrument?
Uh... Yeah! I'Ve told you a thousand times that I'm learning to play the drums. Now that I know how to play well, I would like to form a rock band.
Aside from yourself, who are the other members of the band?
We have a guy who plays guitar, and another who plays bass.Although we still haven't found anyone to be our singer. You told me that you had some musical talent, right?
Yes, I'm a singer.
Perfect. So you can audition this weekend here at my house.
Great! Wait here? You don't have enough room for the amplifiers, microphones or even your drums! By the way where do you keep them or practice?
I've heard you're going to America tomorrow. I want to see you off at the airport.
Oh, thanks a lot.
What time are you leaving?
1 thirty P. m. But I've got to check in at 12 thirty P. m.
What airline and what flight?
Pan American Airlines. Flight 282.
I'll see you at the airport at 12 thirty P. m.
Ok. See you tomorrow.
I'm sorry, dad. But you can't do that. It's for me to decide.
Oh, I see. You'Ve already decided, have you? Now, you listen to me, you're only 19.
I didn't say I'd already decided, dad. I said it was for me to decide. There is a difference.
Oh. So you think you can just do whatever you want, do you?
I didn't say that either. I was hoping we could discuss the matter together. I want your advice but I don't want you to tell me what to do. I'Ve got to make decisions for myself, dad.
Hello, Friendship Restaurant. May I help you?
I'd like to book a table tonight.
Yes, Sir. For how many people, please?
Eight.
What time?
Eight o'clock tonight, would you please set us in a private room?
So sorry, we're fully booked in that room. Would you like to make reservation some other time?
Maybe not, thank you all the same then.
Hey, Zina. You're here early today.
Yeah, I'm going to be making phone calls all day. What a blast.
I just wanted to say thanks for putting us on the map so fast. I appreciate it.
Save it, Vince. After I put my first million in the bank, I'll say you're welcome.
Fair enough.Keep up the good work.
That is the most beautiful sunset!
Let's stop the car and enjoy it for a minute.
Here is a good place. Let's get out.
Wow. We don't get to see this in the city!
Mother Nature is quite an artist.
Look behind us at the mountains! They're reflecting pink!
Amazing. The sun is almost gone and yet there is still color everywhere!
Where is our camera? Let's see if we can catch this on film!
What a nice day! Why don't we go for an outing?
Sure.Where would you suggest?
How about going to the suburbs?
Sounds good.
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend?
Sorry, I thought you knew.
But you should have told me you were in love with her.
Didn't I?
You know you didn't.
Well, I'm telling you now.
Yes, but you might have told me before.
I didn't think you'd be interested.
You can't be serious. How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her?
Sorry, I didn't think it mattered.
Oh, you men! You're all the same.
Hi, Bill.
Hi, Jim.
Where is that cool guy, Dick? I haven't seen him for two weeks.
He's been sick since he came back from Italy.
Bummer, I'm sorry to hear that, is he better now?
Yes, Doctor William said that he could come back to work ASAP.
Where's Tom this evening?
He's a little sick under the weather.
Really! What's the matter with him?
He has the flu.
Tell him I was asking about him.
I will.
Maybe you should talk to the teacher.
No, it's no use.
You never know unless you try.
I know. She won't change my grade.
well, I finished my last final today.
the end of all the hard work for my master's. what a nice feeling to get my degree!
do you want to attend the convocation?
certainly. After years of hard work, I wouldn't miss it. By the way, where can I find cap and gown?
do you want to have them made or do you want to rent them?
oh, I think they're provided by the school for that special day.
no. those you have to provide for yourself.
what do most of the students do?
well, most of them only need a cap and gown for that particular convocation service, but some of the education majors have had them made, because they will be faculty members, and they'll need them f
then, I might as well have them made.
Mary, don't move. Stand right there. It's a good shot. The background is very pretty.
hold it a second. I want to fix my hairpin.
it doesn't matter. Say'cheese'.
here's Lisa. May I take a picture with her?
Certainly. Ok, got you.
Do you mind if I ask you a question?
No, not at all. Go ahead.
What do you do in order to improve your English?
I go to movies ; I go to lectures ; I listen to the radio ; I do lots of things. Most importantly, I practice every chance I get.
It's a good idea to have a radio, isn't it?
Sure. It's like understanding on the telephone you can't see the speaker! It's great for improving listening comprehension.
It takes a long time to learn a language, doesn't it?
It certainly does. But if you practice speaking every spare minute and learn useful sentences every day you can make big progress.
Good morning, Sue.
Good morning, Tom.How are you?
I'm fine, thanks, how about yourself?
Things couldn't be better.Where are you going now?
I am heading for the library. I've got a research project to do.How about you?
I'm going to the English class.It'll start in five minutes, I've got to run.
See you later, alligator.
After a while, crocodile.
Is the environment a big issues in your country? It is in mine.
It is in mine too.The biggest issue is water. The climate is dry and so water conservation is very important.
What methods do you use to conserve water?
Water is rationed. We can only use a certain amount each month. It means that we cannot use some modern household items, like washing machines. They use too much water.
I see. I think the biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution.
Yes, I agree. The air here is much more polluted than in my country. Of course, my country is more agricultural and has much less industry.
We have reduced emission of air pollutants in recent years, but cars are still a major source of them. Factories have become cleaner as stricter environment pollution law have been introduced.
The problem is now on a truly global scale. I don't believe that any single country can do anything about it.
I think you're right. There needs to be an international response to this problem.
Hurry up. Time is running out.
I see. I have run as fast as I can.
Hi Cody, how did practicing go this week?
Well I had several tests and an oral presentation this week so I didn't get a chance to memorize the second page, but I think I mastered the tricky section.
Great! Warm up with some scales and arpeggios first. Good, good. This week, work on keeping the rhythm steady when you play the last part with the sixteenth note. Now let's take a look at this
Charles? Before I start I was wondering if it was ok if I put a small crescendo in here and then decrescendo back to pianissimo again over here?
It might work. I'll have to hear it.Show me what you'Ve done.
It was horrible! I played play it much better at home!
It's just nerves. Just play the right hand for now. One two three four five six, ta ti tri-ple-ti. Good, good. Don't forget the accidentals! The key signature says that note should be a G-sharp b
Is that better?
Yes, much better. Watch where you lift your foot off the pedal. What was that?
Sorry! The stretch for that octave is always hard to make.
That's ok, keep going, you're moving ahead by leaps and bounds. Watch your dynamics! Keep your elbows lifted. Remember to stroke the keys, don't pound. That's better! Remember that as a pianist or any
Can you tell me the time?
It's 5:30 by my watch.
Is your watch right?
Yes. There's only a few seconds in a whole month.
I heard that you're going on your first date Friday night.
Are you angry, Lisa?
Angry? Why would I be?
Please don't tell my mom.
Come on. Dating is a part of young people's social life. Besides, you're sixteen already.
I'm glad that you see it that way.
Do you want to borrow my coat? I have a black coat that would look smashing on you.
Thank you so much, Lisa!
Hi, Mary, long time no see.
I heard through the grapevine that your getting married.
Yes, next March.
Congratulations, I hope everything works out.
Jim and you are bosom friends, aren't you?
I wouldn't say so.
What do you mean?
Well, I thought he was, but he ends up to be a con man.
is everything alright?
yes, everything is fine.
what took so long? I thought your flight was supposed to arrive 3 hours ago!
didn't they announce that our flight was delayed?
I didn't hear anything about a delay. I thought everything was running on time. What happened?
we boarded the plane on time, but then we were held up for almost an hour due to a maintenance problem.
then what? Your plane was three hours late!
we finally took off, but about 30 minutes later, the captain came on the loudspeaker to warn us that there would be some bad turbulence for most of the flight.
turbulence is pretty normal, isn't it?
yes, but this was the worst turbulence I'd ever experienced in my life! Everyone started getting sick. The flight attendants had to stay in their seats. The captain decided to land early.
so where did you land?
we landed in Southampton and waited an hour for the storms to pass and then took off again.
that sounds like a nightmare!
it wasn't too bad. At lease I'm alive.
have you had anything to eat?
I managed to get a sandwich from a flight attendant. How about you?
I had a few coffees while I was waiting. Let's get out of here!
I've got some bad news about the bike you lent me.
What's that?
I fell on the way to school, and your bike got scratched. I'm really sorry.
Don't worry about it. It's not new, it already has a few scratches. Did you get hurt?
No, thank you.
That's the most important thing.
It's kind of you to say. I feel a little stupid.
Forget about it.
When you lent me the bike, it looked brand new, almost anyway.
Maybe, but really I have fallen a couple of times and it's been hit once or twice as well.
I appreciate that, thank you.
What date is it today?
Today is December 23,2002.
Oh, the day after tomorrow is Christmas.
Merry Christmas to you!
Hello! I'm Penny, I moved here just now.
Oh, Penny, I'm Leonard, glad to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too. I thought I should come and say hello to you. I haven't known anybody.
It is hard to get used to a new place, isn't it?
Yes. Would you like to come here later to have a coffee? Bring all your family.
We'd like to. Can you tell me when we go?
About 4.
OK. Do you want us to bring something?
No, just come here.
OK, see you later.
Bye.
You know what, last night I almost got hit by a vase falling from the third floor.
Oh, how dreadful! I'm ever so sorry.
Luckily that was nothing serious.
Thank God!
I do feel like a trip to Florida on such a gloomy day in New York, to enjoy the sunshine while lying on the beaches of Florida.
That's a great idea. It's the best season for tourists in Florida. You can also get a good sun-tan there.
But if the sunshine is too strong, it might damage the eyes and the skin.
You can put on your shades. And remember don't make your skin look like a tomato. Or else after that your skin will begin to flake off. You may even wind up with skin cancer.
I see. Overdoing it will do more harm than good.
You said it.
I just finished reading this article'Getting Old Gracefully'. It's a very good article.
What does it say?
A lot of things. There is a part about how old people should accept being old and stop feeling restless. You really should read it.
Thank you. But I don't think I'll bother.
Why not? What this article says makes good sense to me. If you read it, I'm sure you'll agree with me.
I don't think I'll have any trouble with getting old. But perhaps you can keep the article for a while, I may read it later.
Thanks for coming shopping with me.
I'm so honored that you thought to ask me.
I've never given a speech in front of a thousand people before.
You're going to do great. And you're going to look great.
Thanks. Now let's decide which one of these suits looks best for this occasion.
I still like the olive one best. There's a tailor here who can take up the sleeves for you.
The question is, can he have it done before Friday?
These guys are professional. I think they can have it done tomorrow. Let's ask.
I love slim girls, don't you?
Not particularly. I like fat girls.
And I like a girl with good skin, do you?
I can't say I do. What I like a girl with good manners.
Well, yes. But surely you like a girl with a nice figure.
Yes. But I like a girl with a nice personality.
But you like a girl to be rich, surely?
Not particularly. I like a girl to be good.
What's going on here?
We're waiting in line to get one of Master Li's Chinese couplets. I got one last year and I had good luck all year!
Master Li? Who's that?
He's Taipei's most famous calligraphy master! Quick! Get in line!
I will! I could use some good luck!
I suppose you like cinematography and costumes and that sort of stuff?
Yes, I do. The look of a picture is very important.
I think sound is even more important! Guns, bombs, sirens--that's what makes a movie exciting!
You wouldn't know a good movie even if it bit you on the nose.
In my book, all a good movie needs is a chase scene and lots of things that blow up.
Enough! If we don't finish the game, there won't be time for any movies tonight!
What day is today?
It's Thursday, I think.
Tomorrow is Friday. It's going to be the weekend.
We're busy on weekdays, but we'll have a good rest at the weekend.
We'll meet again in a few days.
I decided to go for this kind of life.
Try to keep cool. It's not an easy take.
I know. I always hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
Then you will be in line for a doom.
What day is it today?
It's Friday.
Are you new to this school?
Yes, I'm new.
Is this your first year in college?
I transferred from another school.
Where did you transfer from?
I was at PCC before.
Why did you transfer?
I was going to go here first, but my grades weren't good enough.
Did you like it at PCC?
PCC is an incredible school.
Well, I wish you luck here.
I'm sure I'll like it here.
There is something wrong with my girlfriend.
What's the trouble?
The department manager is all over her. He says he loves her.
What about your friend? Did she fall for him?
Of course not! She thinks he's an apple-head. She doesn't like an apple-headed man, you know.
Now you don't have the butterflies in your stomach, do you?
Are you ready to go to the bank?
Sure, what do you need to do there?
There's problem with my bank statement. There's a mistake on it. I also need to withdraw some money some the ATM.
I have to exchange some money.
that's right. You're going away next week.
I also want to see if my salary has been paid into my bank account. There was a problem last week.
I have to pay my credit bill too. If I don't pay it soon, the credit card company will charge me interest.
Their interest rates are usually quite high. It's a good idea to pay off your credit card debts before they attract interest.
It's so relaxing, taking a walk in the country. The air is so fresh and clean.
would you like to live in the country? I'm not sure I'd like it.
I can see a lot of advantage and disadvantage. The problem is that, for me, each advantage has its own disadvantage.
What do you mean?
Well, I hate the noise in the city, but I love being around lost of people. The problem is that you can't have lots of people and have peace and quiet. The two just don't go together.
I see what you mean. I love being far away from a city, but I hate being so far away department stores and sports facilities.
People can't have it both ways. If you live in the country, it is often less convenient. If you live in a city, it is noisy, but there's more to do.
I would love to be surrounded by hills and streams. They're so much better to look at than concrete, rows of parked cars and tall buildings.
I would love to hear the birds singing and feel the fresh breeze on my face. When the wind blows in the city, you get dust in your mouth and in your eyes.
The view from the hill is so beautiful and relaxing. There's so sign of pollution. The village looks so peaceful.
Just remember that in that village there's nothing to do. There's not even a pub or restaurant. There's just one small shop with a poor selection of goods.
You're right. I would have to travel to the city at least once a week to go shopping and see friends. I would hate living in the country!
Hey Mike. What are you doing?
Nothing much. What are you up to?
I was just concerned about Sam. He hasn't been himself lately.
He took the civil service exam and failed.
That sucks. He must feel depressed.
Yeah. He's been sitting in his room everyday for the last 4 days.
Why don't we take him out? We can try to take his mind off of it. In the least show him that we're there for him.
That's a great idea. Why don't you call him. I already talked to him a couple of times and it might be good for him to hear from somebody else.
Ok. I'll call you back after I'm done.
Sounds good.
Did you hear Peter just retired?
Are you sure? He is quite young, isn't he?
He is not young as he looks. I think he's almost sixty.
Really? He looks so young.
Hello, Steven. Congratulations!
Thank you.
How's your married life?
We're happy together now. We both think that we're a well-matched couple.
That's very good. It's said that marriage is the Ab of love. But the words may not be right.
The situation differs in person.
We have waited for a long time. When will we start?
Take it easy. I have to cut my losses.
are you working overtime again? Over the last two weeks, you have worked overtime every day without a break! Your company is draining the life out of you!
I know, but I don't have a choice, my boss has complete control over our work schedules. I haven't made it out of the office before 9 PM a single day this week.
Well, I hope they're paying you the big bucks for all this work...
No, not exactly, I'm working for minimum wage.And they don't give extra pay for overtime. Overtime is our own time.
What?! Isn't there a law against that, I think there is some legislation that requires employers to give their employees a fair rate of wages. You should know your rights! If you are putting in so many hours, they should give you some kind of compensation.
They do give bonuses at the end of the year for the employees with highest productivity numbers, but frankly, it's not much of an incentive. They give us a bonus of ten dollars.
That's just wrong! why don't you just quit?
I would, but I'm afraid I would't be able to find another job. I don't have very many job marketable skills, there aren't so many jobs that I'm qualified for.
it sounds like any job will be better than the one you have now!
The tranquility of the night, the chirping of some insects, everything is so natural!
I felt as if I had been in a different world.
And I was overwhelmed by this scene, too.
I'd like to reserve a table for three at 6:30 this evening.
Let me check. Hold on, please... Yes, that's fine. Smoking or nonsmoking area?
Nonsmoking, please.
All right. May I have your name?
My surname is Gao.
How do you spell it, sir?
OK. Come back into the classroom, class.
Does the class start again, Mam?
Yes, but to the health, this break has long enough.
Oh, breaktime flies.
come on, baby. It's time now.
Mam, another minute, could I?
Hurry up, little boy.
why are you so upset today, Maria? Cheer up!
oh, Iris, it's about the job with the PR company.
it's a great opportunity. You should be happy with the offer.
but my mother won't allow me to accept any part-time job. I'm afraid she will say no again.
why? It's unfair. You can learn a lot from it.
she says a part-time job is cursed blessing. It takes so much time and energy that I won't be able to focus on my studys.
that may be true. But I'm sure you're able to find a balance between them. Why not try it?
I turned down quite a few offers before for her sake. But I'm a senior now, I don't want to miss the chance this time.
I agree with you but I think you really need to talk to your mother and tell her what's on your mind.
I'll try, but what if she insists?
just let her know that the experience will be both amazing and rewarding. And more importantly, you can manage both your study and the job.
do you think it will work?
sure. Every cloud has its silver lining. Just try.
ok, I'll do that. Thank you, Iris.
sure. Good luck, Maria!
Where did you go yesterday?
I went to play tennis in the public park.
How often do you play tennis?
Twice a week. How about you?
I seldom play tennis. I prefer football and basketball.
What is very difficult to gather team player together.
I usually play with my school-mates.
Do you like watching football matches?
Yes. I went to Tinge Sport Centre for football match last Sunday.
Why are you all dressed up?
I've got a date.
I'm sick of my job, I always have to work late at night, and the company keeps me working in the office.
Why don't you find a new career where you can do what you enjoy, being outside working during the day?
What do you suggest? I can't afford to quit my job until I get a new one.
Maybe you have two choices. You could attend school during the day, or you could get a position that provides training.
I saw an interesting program on TV last night. It was about elderly people.
And what did the program say?
It said that people with a positive attitude tend to live longer and happier.
I think that many physicians now agree with that idea.
And the TV program also said that physical exercise helps people deal with stress.
And the most active older people seem to enjoy some kind of physical exercise. My father is over 60 years old, and he lifts weights every day.
Saying you want to kill yourself, you terrified me out of my wits.
I was playing a joke on you.
That's too much.
Dear, forgive me. I won't do that again.
Where are you going this weekend?
I'm going to Hainan.
Oh really? It'll be nice and warm there. Have you been there before?
Yes, actually it's my second visit. I was there last October.
I see. What's it like there?
Well, the life style is much more relaxed than here in the city. And the seafood is tastier!
Well, have a great time!
Hurry up, Daniel, it's Barbie time.
All right, Sis!
Come on, it's cool outside.
I really wish Mom and Dad were here with us.
Hey, Daniel, what's your favorite weather? Snowy or sunny?
Me? Er, I like hot weather, just like today.
What? Are you crazy?
I like to watch Barbie sticking her tongue out.
Ew, Danny, gross!
By the way, what's your favorite weather?
I love snowy, because it is very very romantic.
Look, is that Tom?
My girlfriend dumped me.
Well, that's life.
Did Roll win the race?
Yeah, he did. But he only won it by a hair's breadth.
But anyway, he won at last.
Yeah. To win is the most important thing.
What's this then?
It's my geography, sir.The Map of Africa you set us.
But this should have been handed in last Thursday.
Yes, I know, sir. I'm sorry.
Well, what's your excuse then?
My mother's been ill and I had to stay at home.
Oh, Yes?
It's true, sir.
Hey, This is your order.
Are you new here? I come to this coffeehouse often. But I didn't see you here before.
Yes. I started this part-time job just three days ago. And my internship will last 1 week. I'm still a student now.
Do you mind if I ask you why you've taken the part-time job here?
Of course not. You know, there are many foreign customers like you here. And I think it's good for me to improve my oral English.
Oh, are you an English student? Or you just study English for interest's sake?
No, I'm not an English student. But I do like English. I'm going to be a volunteer in the 2008 Olympics where I want to be helpful with the language. So I try to improve my English.
Very nice. Thank you for your time.
Thank you, sir. But I'm not allowed to accept any tips.
OK then. I don't want to put you in trouble.
Well, would you like something else? The new-made cafe parfait is really good. Want some?
OK. But I'd like some cookies.
Sure. If you want more coffee, please go over there. There is self-help coffee maker.
I surely know that. Don't forget that I am a regular customer here.
Oops. Well, wait for a while. We'll get it done quickly.
It's OK. Thank you.
Do you think the bad weather will last long?
I don't think so. It changes so quickly this time.
I hope so. We have planed to visit the square but we have to cancel it.
I think you can go to visit the museum. It's worth seeing. You can go to the square some other time.
Good idea. Thanks a billion.
Let's go in.
After you.
Could you tell me what university you want to go to, John?
Pardon?
What university would you enter?
University? Why? You asked me last year.
Oh, I forget. Sorry.
I went to Harvard University.
Did you? And what course did you take there?
God save me! Is there anything wrong with you? Didn't I tell you?
I've not known. Perhaps, I've got a bad memory.
I did a B. A. in economics. Remember?
Terrific! B. A., again and again-B. A.
I think he deserved his gold.
Did you see his last dive?
Yes, it's perfect!
He's diving for the gold.
You are studying here, aren't you?
Yes. I have been here for three years.
Do you like this campus?
Well. I'm rather disappointed with it.
How come?
It's too old. And it isn't as specious as I expected.
Oh.It's awful, but it can't be helped.
I'll just have to put up with it.
How I wish my son Mark could be as excellent as your Joe!
Don't be too humble. Few young men could be equal to Mark. And in some respects Joe and Mark are neck and neck.
I agree. Both Joe and Mark are men of guts.
Hi Mark.
Hi.
What are you planning to do today?
I'm not sure yet.
Would you like to have lunch with me?
Yes. When?
Is 11:30 AM OK?
Sorry, I didn't hear you. Can you say that again please?
I said, 11:30 AM.
Oh, I'm busy then. Can we meet a little later?
OK, how about 12:30 PM?
OK. Where?
How about Bill's Seafood Restaurant?
Oh, Where is that?
It's on 7th Street.
OK, I'll meet you there.
How have you been?
Fine, thanks. How about you?
Hi, Monica, congratulations! Your presentation at the meeting was very successful and everyone was impressed by your speech. And it was so persuasive and I bet our clients will be convinced to invest their money in this project. You really made a big contribution to our company.
Thank you, I just tried my best. I am very happy to know you like it.
You must have been prepared for a long time. Some statistics in this presentation are not easy to find, right?
Well, yes. Several colleagues from different departments helped me with that. They are very supportive. I consulted an economic expert last week. He was very kind to give valuable suggestions.
Now, the effort pays off. You have accomplished something.
Come on, don't flatter me anymore. I took the job because I love being challenged. But I can't get this turned around without the support from you people.
I hate to say goodbye, but it's late.
Can't you stay for a little bit longer, it's only 8.
I wish I could.But I'm afraid I can't. I've got some serious studying to do. I have to go.
OK.See you on Today.
See you on Moday.Have a great weekend.
You too.Thanks for dropping in.
Are you really dating with Frank?
Yeah. But in my heart of hearts, I find he's not very much to my liking.
Then why not keep away from him?
The problem is that I just have no one to turn to right now.
That's stupid.
Hi, Jim. How are you? I haven't seen you for a while.
I'm fine. I've been out of town. I just got back.
Where were you?
I was in New York for a wedding.
What do you think of the novel you just finished reading?
I like it a lot. It has a very funny beginning, I think. It attracts your attention the moment you begin reading it.
What do you like best about it?
I like the plot. It's so full of twists and turns. I also like the main character. She is so humorous and smart.
What do you think of the ending?
The ending is a bit weak. It's so abrupt, like those of most other detective stories.
Quite a few times, I had my back to the wall.
Really? Generally they will turn out to be a good thing.
That's right.
You'll exert all your energy and get out of it.
Is that your phone?
Yes, it's my new business phone. Do you like it?
It's very impressive. Can you use the Internet on your phone?
Yes, it's got wireless Internet access.
That's really convenient. Does it have the Bluetooth?
Yes, but I don't really use it often. Have you ever used it?
No, but I think it'd be really great for people like you who are always on the go.
Yes, I guess I should try to use it.
Good morning, Mary!
Good morning, John!
I want to have a few friends over for a dinner party to celebrate my birthday. Would you be able to come the next weekend on Saturday?
I'd be delighted to, John. Saturday did you say?
Yes, if that's all right for you.
I'm pretty sure I'll be all right. In fact, I'd be delighted to come over and celebrate your birthday with you. What time are you planning to start?
Oh, good. If you could come around six thirty or seven o'clock, that would give us some time to chat a whit over a glass of wine before dinner.
That sounds fine. I'll be there around seven.
Don't worry. I'm sure you'll do better next time.
I didn't realize it was so difficult though I know I'm always too nervous in such competition.
It doesn't matter. Forget it.
I don't think I performed well.
Oh! That's much hetter than I did.
Can you tell me how to improve myself?
There's no secret at all. The only thing for you to do is to practice more. You will succeed.
Thank you for your encouragement.
It's a pleasure. Come on. I'm on your side.
I just dropped in to say goodbye.
What time are you leaving?
I'll leave at 10 o'clock.
Take care and give my best to you parents.
Thank you, I will. Hope to see you again next year.
Come back. You haven't paid yet.
May, just let him go.
But he took some newspaper away without paying.
I know.
Why? You make me confused.
He lives nearby and he would just glance at the newspaper headlines, read the political sections and return them later.
Why does he have such a privilege?
He used to be a hero during the war time and everyone respect him.
I see. Does he live by himself?
Yes, he has no children and his wife passed away when he was in the battle.
He must be lonely?
I bet. But he is always busy telling the children stories.
How respectable!
How may I help you?
I need to get on the Internet.
Do you have your library card with you?
Yes, I have it.
You're going to have to wait for a computer.
That's okay.
Please put your name on this list.
Then what do I need to do?
When there is a computer available, I will call you.
What do I do to log on to the computer?
Just type in the number on the back of your library card.
Okay. Thanks for your help.
Are you coming to the bridal shower for Jane?
Yes, I am. When is the wedding?
Aug 8.
August bride. How nice! By the way, who is going to be the matron of honor?
Mrs. White.
Oh, yeah? I wonder who is going to give Jane away at the wedding. You know her father passed away several years ago.
Maybe her uncle will.
I think so. The wedding will be held at her church, right?
Right. Red Rochester will officiate at the wedding.
Do you know where they will go on their honeymoon?
Yes, Jane says they will go to China.
Don't do that again. You are riding the tiger.
No problem. I can deal with it well.
You will ask for it.
All is best now, isn't it?
Hurry up! Time is money!
Don't build a fire under me. I know the importance of time.
But you are too slow to follow them.
Don't you see I'm trying my best?
Watch out! You'll hit that car if you're not careful.
Oh no, I won't. But we will have an accident if you don't stop shouting.
You see. I told you you'd hit him if you weren't careful.
Oh, shut up, will you? It was all your fault.If you'd kept quite this would never have happened.
Oh, so it was my fault, was it? If I hadn't warned you in time it would have been much worse.
Steve, you look pale. What happened?
I didn't sleep a wink last night.
Did you have something on your mind? You look so concerned. Maybe I can help you.
Well, I am under a lot of pressure. My boss is very pushy. He assigned me three projects. Now the deadlines are near, and I still have not finished all of my projects.
Is there anything I can do to help you?
Well, I guess no one can help me but myself. For the moment, I just need someone to talk to, so that I can relieve my stress.
Lodge, You must come around sometime, You have to check out my mew stereo.
Sure, When is good time for you?
Can you make it on Tuesday?
What time do you want me there?
Anytime after six will be fine.
All right, It's a date.
My friend Jean is very beautiful.
What's her figure?
Perfect, and I like her charming eyes too.
What's the color of her eyes?
Dark blue.
What's the life expectancy in your country?
I'm not sure, but probably about 75 years. How about in your country?
About 70, I think. This newspaper article talks about the problems of an aging population. It's a problem that will soon affect most of the world.
I heard that the government might need to increase the retirement age, because otherwise there will not be enough workers to support the young and the elderly.
Perhaps we need to have more babies! Tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday.
Did she? That's great. However, if we have too many children, that will have a bad effect on the enviroment.
How's your son these days?
Oh, he's fine. Kids seem to grow up very quickly nowadays.
He'll be a teenager before you know it! Teenagers are often rebellious! When do you think it is a good age to have a child?
I had mine when I was 24. that's a little young. I'd suggest you wait until you are in your late twenties., or even in your early thirties if you have a good career.
Yes, I think you're right. I'm thinking about having a child, but not just yet.
Is there a big generation gap between parents and their children in you country?
Yes, there is. Teenagers do not want to live traditional lives. They want to go out, have fun, and explore the world. They want to develop their own view of life. Parents usually try to discourage them, but they don't often succeed.
Parents usually give their children more freedom in my country. Sometimes they give them too much freedom.
It's almost impossible to get the right balance. If you are too strict, kids might ignore you. If you are too lenient, they might go wild.
Hey Mike. I forgot about registration. I'm a day late, so all the classes are mostly full. What do you think I should do?
You're screwed. You can't do anything about that. You have to hope that you get some classes that will be useful.
Do you think going to the registration building will help at all?
No. They will tell you the same thing in a worse way.
Did you register yet?
Of course. Registering for classes is not something you want to miss.
What classes do you think are still open?
Well, I know psychology 101 is a big class, so there will always be seats in that class. You can also get into Sociology.
That's helpful. Thanks. But what do you think about philosophy. I wanted to take that class this semester.
I took that class last year. The professor is really cool, so if you go to his office, you can have him sign a card that will let you in even if the class is full.
He does that?
I guess that's because so many people drop out of that class.
That makes sense. I think I'll do that. Thanks for all the help.
No problem, man.
Thanks for helping me move into my new house.
Any time. I'm just glad I could help.
I've been so stressed these days.
What's the matter? Are you OK?
I don't know where to go for college, and what to major in.
Don't worry. You have plenty of time to decide.
And I also want to get scholarships to help me pay for the tuition. I want to get the burden off my family.
You always worry too much about everything. Take it easy, honey. You are good enough. You can go to the ideal college.
OK, OK. I'm so sorry. By the way, for you, is it more important to make money or to enjoy your work?
In a perfect world, I would enjoy my work if I do not have to do much, and make lots of money!
OK, honey, stop dreaming. You should face the reality.
That's only a joke. To be honest, I have to improve my English, because my English is not good enough. I still get confused about some simple grammars. Since you are quite good at it, do you have any suggestions?
En, first you should be concentrated on what the teacher said in class. Second, I suggest you to take an additional course in some training center.
Is the training center helpful?
I think so. Because I've taken one to improve my oral English during summer vacation.
I'm glad we live in a small town.
Why?
Because the houses look so nice at Christmas time.
Yes, they do. Do you have a Christmas tree this year?
Yes, we have a big tree this year. I bought the decorations at the five-and-tencent store yesterday. Do you want to come and see it?
I can't now because I have to buy a present for my mother.
When can you come?
I don't know when I can come. I'll let you know later.
You know, smoking does do harm to your health.
Yes, you're right.
Why don't you try to give it up?
I've tried to give up smoking several times, but it's no good. Smoking relaxes me.
Have you ever thought of just cutting down? You could do it gradually.
Yes, maybe I should have another try.
Hello, Jim. What was the film like?
Awful. It was a complete waste of time.
Why? What was it about?
It was about a married couple. They had to live with the wife's mother, because they didn't have enough money to buy a house of their own.
A lot of young people have to do that.
Yes. but the husband had to work overtime three times a week, so he was always tired.
lt sounds like the story of my life.
Yes, it does, doesn't it? But this man was always over-tired, and he couldn't sleep.So he used to take two sleeping pill every night.
I take sleeping pills sometimes.
Yes, but not two every night. Anyway, the strain was too much for him. He had nervous breakdown and had to go to hospital.
It sounds a very depressing film.
Not really. His wife was able to find a good job as an interpreter, because she could speak French and German fluently. After a few months'work, she had a better job than her husband. So in the end,
I don't know. My wife used to speak French. I must tell her to brush it up.
Would you like to stretch your legs?
Sure.
Let's get a soft drink.
Do we have enough time?
It's a fifteen-minute intermission.
The seats are excellent. We're right in the center.
It's a new concert hall and the acoustics are great.
I can't agree more.
Is this your first time to come to a symphony concert?
In the United States, yes. But back in China, I went to concerts a couple of times with my parents.
Do you have large concert halls in your city?
We have two. One is like this one. The other is a little smaller.
That's great. Well, we'd better get back to our seats. It's about to start.
May I help you?
What time will the library be closing?
It closes at six.
Does it always close at six?
No, not every day.
Will the library be open on Saturday?
Absolutely.
What are your hours on Saturday?
Saturday's hours are from nine in the morning to six-thirty at night.
All right. Thank you.
What else can I help you with?
That's it. Thank you.
Whose part do you think is best played?
That of the old man.
You're absolutely right! That's the very figure I like best.
Some of the scenes moved me into tears.
Vince, I think one of your programmers is spying on us for WebTracker.
Pardon?
I won't say who, because I'm not sure yet. But I'll know soon.
Zina, I hope you're not scheming to make Elvin look bad.
It isn't Elvin.
Dave then? Dave is a spy for WebTracker? You can't be serious.
Loan me that tape recorder you have. And don't say anything to anyone until I come back.
Hello, Zhang lin! Fancy meeting you here!
Hi, Lin Tao. I have't seen you for some time.
How's life going, Zhang Lin?
Yes, the same as ever, thanks. What about you?
Pretty good, thanks. I'm going to see my uncle.
Good bye then, and keep in touch.
Good bye.
Fixing computer isn't my cup of tea. You can leave this job to Jason.
Yeah, he has a good commend of computer skills. But...
But what?
But he is always talking big.
What a great weekend that was!
My feelings exactly.
I really enjoy the beach in the summer.
I couldn't agree with you more.
We should come here more often.
You are absolutely right.
I'd like to come back next weekend.
That's exactly the way I feel.
Aren't you going to swim?
Are you kidding? Don't you know I can't swim?
You are not telling me that we drove 50 miles to come here for just sunbath, are you?
Hey, don't shout. Come here! Sit closer. Now, Jim, we'Ve had a lovely day. Don't spoil it now.
What about your beautiful bathing suit? We shopped all day. Don't you want to show it off?
Everybody who walks past me sees it. Besides, it's a good sunbathing suit.
All right. Suit yourself. I am going swimming.
Jim!
Yes?
Can you get me a beach umbrella and a deck chair? I am really tired of lying in thousand.
I've got a better idea. Why don't we hire a boat and go for a ride? What do you think?
Are you serious? That will be wonderful!
How dare you accuse me of stealing your computer?
I'm sorry, but you were the only one who had access to it.
The flood will come on the heels of the heavy rain.
I wonder if the municipal government will take some preventive measures.
I'm sure they will.
Adam, could you show me around the school?
No problem.
What's the tallest building?
You mean the white building near the playground?
Yes.
That is the library. And it has more than 1,000, 000 books.
What's the building to the south of the library?
You know, our school is divided into two parts, the junior high school and the senior high school. That is the new classroom building for our senior high school.
Is there a swimming pool in your school?
Yes. There is a large swimming pool, but it is only available in summer.
I do envy you. And I hope I can enter your school one day.
I believe that you can make your dream come true.
Television is undoubtedly a great invention, but one of the main criticisms of it is that people just aren't selective enough. Lesley, got a television. how do you pick out the sorts ofprogrammes you want to watch?
I try and look at the programmes that are on to decide which particular ones interest me, rather than you turning it on a seven o'clock and you leaving it on until half-past eleven when the programmes finish.
Do you think of television though as a great time-waster?
Un... I think it can be a time-waster and it depends on how particular people are about what they want to see... Mm, it can just be a sort total amusement for someone and totally consuming without reallyconsidering what it is they're watching.
Aha, but how do you prevent it coming into your life and taking oversour evenings and at the same time perhaps get... get out of thetelevision some of the sort of best things... best programmes that... that undoubtedly are on television?
Well, I suppose one of the problems is... will depend on what a person's life style is, and that if he has other outside interests which are equally important to him as television, he will then, you know, hmm. be more careful about which programme she wants to watch because he has time which he wants to use for other things.
Do you think though that... that in... in a sense television skilled people's own er... sort of, creativity or their ability entertain themselves because if they're bored all they do is justturn on the television?
Yes, I think that is a danger, and I think that.. in fact is what mishappening to a lot of people who use it as their... their main... um field of amusement and... because they don't have other outside interests and even when people come round they'll leave the television and not be, you know, particularly interested in talking to them, you Know the television will be the main thing in the room.
Don't be shy. Have some more chicken.
Thanks.
I feel pity for the old man.
I feel the same way.
It must be dreadful to grow old.
Yeah. He has no one to count on.
I'm going to see the doctor this weekend.
What's your trouble?
I think I need a thorough check-up.
I got it.
Professor, I am going to need to leave class early today.
What is the problem?
I need to go to the airport to pick up a relative.
Are you planning on having someone take notes for you?
Yes, I've got that part covered.
When, exactly do you need to leave?
I don't need to leave until the very end of class.
Fine, but next time try and not have to miss class again.
Thanks, Professor. See you later!
See you later! Drive carefully.
I'm going to try sky diving this weekend.
I wouldn't do it if I were you.
It's sounds like fun.
It's very dangerous, you know.
I want to try something exciting.
It's an easy way to get hurt, let me tell you.
I'll tell you all about it next Monday.
Well, take care of yourself, and don't say I didn't warn you.
Does he know that he has already at his wits'end?
I think he has realized that. But he is still whistling in the dark by putting up an act.
He might be driven up a wall. You should not handle your relation with him with kid gloves.
But when I noticed that he was left in the cold, I could not help wanting to help him to get out of the situation.
I visited the famous variety show host, Dennis.
What's he like?
Oh, he's a very serious person.
You must feel very uneasy at his home.
Hi! My name is Mike.
Hi! I'm Nancy. Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too.
Where are you from?
I'm from Shanghai. And you?
I'm from Chicago.
Why do you go fishing so often?
It's fun.
Hi, Cindy. I thought I'd missed you.
Oh, I am very sorry, Hans. Thank you for waiting for me. You must have been here a long time already.
It's all right.
I was caught in the heavy rain, or I would have come earlier. I am sorry I kept you waiting.
I was in a comfortable place, so really, it's no problem. I am happy to see you. Did the rain hold you up long?
Yes. When I came out of the subway, it was raining cats and dogs. And I forgot my umbrella. So I had to wait for the rain to let up.
I totally understand.
Good morning, Jim!
Good morning, Emma! A lovely day, isn't it?
Yes, it is. The sun is shining. There is no wind, only a pleasant breeze.
It is the best season for a picnic right now. Have you decided the place for your picnic?
We have decided to go to the park this Sunday. Would you like to go with us if you have not decided yet?
What did the whetherman say?
He's predicting clear skies.
Well, I will think it over.
Come in, come in, what can I do for you?
Professor Donald, are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester?
Yes, I am applying on it.
I wonder if I could enroll in it. I know it is a graduate course and I'm a junior, but...
Aren't you a bit young? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up.
I know, but the geology of the American west is my major interest and I have done a large reading in the field.
Well, if you think you are ready, I'll let you enroll.
Oh, thanks, professor Donald. This is really very nice of you.
Management is going through a big turnover these days. With Bill's retirement, and department realignment, we have lost about 1/3 of our managerial staff. They've been dropping like flies...
Isn't that a good thing? Having fewer bosses means having less stress, don't you think?
Actually, I don't think so. Supervisors are really important to make sure everything goes smoothly in the workplace. They are necessary for divvying up work and disciplining employees. If there is no one to keep an eye on us, no one would get any work done. You know what they say, when the cat's away, the mice play.
You're right, we do need leadership. But what we don't need is too many people to lead us. You know what they say about too many chiefs and not enough Indians...
Alright... I get your point.
How do you like your job here, Linda?
It's interesting, I like being an editor.
Why?
I like talking to writers, I get to meet a lot of interesting people.
I'm happy to hear that, but publishing is more than just talking to writers. it involves a lot of work, patience and responsibility. Most of the work is boring.
I don't feel bored at all. I'm getting along with my colleagues. I will enjoy working with them. People are great in this industry.
Do you have any complaints?
No, I have no complaints. I hear there are many opportunities to move up in this company. is that true?
Yes, you have many opportunities to grow in this company as long as you do well.
That's perfect. I will definitely do well.
I don't think we've met.
No, I don't think we have.
My name is Dick Brown.
How do you do? Mr. Brown. I am Susan Heywood.
Mr. Smith often talked about you.
Really? I am glad to meet you.
I'm honored to know you.
Why don't you sit down and relax, darling?
I don't want to.
Well, come and talk to me then.
Certainly not.
May I turn on the radio then?
Turn on the radio? What for?
So that we can sit down together and listen to some music.
Listen to some music? And who'll cook dinner? Will you?
Ok, I will. But let's go to a disco after dinner.
To a disco? Oh, no. You know I hate pop.
David, why don't you clean your room?
I am not in the mood.
Why are you feeling depress?
I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me. It's a real letdown.
I don't think she would do such a thing.
But she did and it made me disappointed.
Oh, cheer up! A girlfriend is not everything.
But she means a lot to me.
Then forgive her mistake.
Oh, I just can't forget it.
My sister was taken to the hospital yesterday
What happened?
She was hit by a car. Luckily, she wasn't seriously hurt.
Let's buy some flowers, and pay her a visit
We'll have to hurry ; visiting hours will be over soon
OK. Let's go
What are the good sights to see in Beijing?
Well, I know you are interested in architecture, so you should't miss the Temple of Heaven, and the Great wall is a must too.
Hello, let me introduce myself. I'm your new neighbor. My name is Andy.
Hi, Andy. I'm Judy. It's nice meeting you.
Nice meeting you, too.
Come over and visit when you have time.
Thanks for the invitation. I will!
What do you do when you are angry?
I usually calm down first and think about the reason that caused my anger.
That's smart. What do you usually do to relieve your anger?
Something like listening to music is a good idea.
Oh, what kind of music do you listen to?
Classic. Something that could calm your mind.
I think that might work for me as well.
Working out is another good way to relieve anger.
Like what?
Jogging, yoga, or even just taking a walk.
I'm sorry, but I can't come to your party.
What a shame!
Taylor, you're sweating up a storm!
Your boyfriend, Bryan, wanted to toss the football. I think he wore me out.
Yeah, you look a little shaky. And pale. You seriously need some time in the sun.
You're like the tenth person to say that.
We're just worried about you, Taylor.
Whatever. I wish people would just leave me alone!
She is so stupid.
Who cares? She is pretty.
So what?
You're just jealous.
Mrs.Smith, time has stood still with you!
Thank you.You're partial.
I'm not flattering you.You're full of energy every day.
It's nice to hear that anyway.
What a police officer!
I'Ve never seem such a scene either except in films.
It's really unimaginable. The police officer screamed at the driver and used bad language, but the driver took it on the chin.
In my wedding ceremony, where do my parents sit in the church?
The bride's parents'seating arrangement is on the left side of the aisle and the groom's parents is on the right side.
Do friends of the bride always sit on one side of the church and friends of the groom on the other?
They usually do.
Hi, Mary! You're here already. Where's Harry?
He isn't a punctual person. We may have to wait for a little while.
That should give us time for a cup of coffee. I'll go and get some.
Make it three cups. Here comes Harry.
Why did the teacher criticise Myra in front of the whole class?
Because Myra was cheating on exams.and she spoke back rudely.
I don't think that Myra should have spoken so rudely to the teacher. I know she was angry, but that's still no excuse for rudeness.
Is your city a historical place?
Not rally. 200 years ago, it was just a small insignificant village.
How did it grow into such a large place?
Large deposits of coal were found nearly and so many industries located themselves here. The village quickly grew into a key industrial centre.
As the city grew, it must have absorbed many village nearby.
Yes, it did. The names of those village survive as the names of parts of the city.
I see. Are there any building more than 200 years old in your city?
Oh, yes. Several of the buildings from the villages still survive. Many of them were inns for travelers and today survive as pubs. There was a castle near one village, so our city has a castle too.
Really? So your city does have some old history after all.
What is wrong with your face?
My brother did it.
Why?
I laughed up my sleeves at him. He's seen his girlfriend off at the airport and had lipstick on his face and did not know it.
How's Jerry's new school?
Very nice. He gets along with his classmates very well.
He's a team player.
Yes, indeed.
How many people are there in your family?
Five.My father, mother, brother, sister-in-law and me.
Is your brother older or younger than you?
He is five years older than me, He got married last Sunday.My brother and my sister-in-law are the same age.
What's the problem? You don't look happy.
I failed my oral test.
How come?
I'm not practicing enough.
Why don't you go to the English corner to talk to your classmates in English quite often?
When I talk to Chinese, I always want to speak Chinese.
You should always keep in mind, the more you practice, the better English you can speak.
It's dangerous. I don't dare to go.
Come on. It's quite safe. You really have no guts.
Did you get the car you wanted?
No. Someone had stolen a march on me and bought it.
What about the car over there?
It is marvelous, and the price is marvelous, as well.
How may I help you?