"Seems to me in this country, we eat Fake food, meet Fake people, buy Fake clothes... and have Real problems."- Winston churchhill
tweet: could any influencers share tips on how to "punish" your self for generating low engagement? might need some Pain to keep my head in the game
tweet: Im the guy who asked them to remove Sex from only fans!!! I thought It would be nice!!! I didnt know it would make people mad!!! Im sorry!!
tweet: "Free Guy" Has An Absolutely Bonkers Marvel Cinematic Universe Cameo — Here's How They Pulled It Off
tweet: there should be ICU beds only for geniusses and if your iq is less than 120 they eject you from the window at fucking 200mph
tweet: some of mother fuckers think to win the Dumb Ass award is a GOOD thing!
tweet: they should clal it the "stimulus cheek" because it can kiss my fuckin  ass cheek
tweet: please check out my piece in TIME magazine "Why i sold my dog at a carnival for $30 and Why it matters" the worst article ever written
tweet: today i saluted the afghanistan vet who lives on my floor and said "Suck My Dick Sir!  Mission Failed" then went home and dead lifted 300lbs
tweet: the "SCAM ME" challennge.. if you can scam me you can keep all the money you scammed of me. but if you fail you have to send me 1 Nude image
tweet: when you Mock the brand— your putting a Knife in the back of every depressed person who chose not to commit suicide because of Disney IP`s .
tweet: Oh im losing followers just for expressing an Opinion to someone who may or may not be a professional dog killer. Nice society you got here,
tweet: Donald Powers The Drumpf who Sucked Me Donald Powers The Drumpf who Sucked Me Donald Powers The Drumpf who Sucked Me
tweet: list of vhs tapes that GoodWill gave back to me: -pussy legacy -worlds Gayest bloopers im selling them and i want normal price
tweet: some times the most real shit we've ever read in our entire lives is just sitting right in front of us on our computer screens ......  
tweet: for the 2nd time- the fans have failed to raise enough money for me to invent a new type of Face
tweet: daily reminder that the idea of "SUcking Ass" is a societal illusion &amp; everything you do is healthy no matter how much youre punished for it
tweet: if you remove the license plate frame that advertises your dealership youre a nasty son of a bitch &amp; you want small business owners to choke
tweet: where was I during 9/11? Ha.. easy question. I was simply thoroughly engrossed in the literary treasury of The Great Authors.
tweet: the new shit is MyBeerNumber. you will attend a Tasting with an authorized brewer and dtetermine your MyBeerNumber. my MyBeerNumber is "4"
tweet: if i ever catch you getting your stupid ass into a car accident ill knock the shit out of you
tweet: turn off the computer?  Fuck that. I Wnat to see posts.  I want my posts!!
tweet: theyre taking my trademark hardline of societys bull shit (tv, movies etc) and turning it against me! T-This was supposed to be impossible!!
tweet: girl;s with cracked phone screens give top like the devil him self 0 RTS 2 LIKES pray if you Like this... 1210 RTS 42134 LIKES Power of Lord
tweet: 2022 year of the buffoon. ladys invest early; get your self a man with that buffoon dick
tweet: you must know the nickelodeon program "wild N crazy kids" primed our nations youth to reject thr scientific method &amp; all fact-based evidence
tweet: i will be typing the words "rock 'N' roll" over and over in a note pad document until my computer makes targeted content more relevant to me
tweet: i dress as a police and give mother fucker s like you my badge number every day
tweet: i will make $100,000 when I finish drawing this picture of uncle sam standing in front of congress saying "politics has the right to be Fun"
tweet: my 125 IQ growth hormone consultant and legal conservator has confirmed to me that they are going to make the 2022 hyundai sonata "WOKE"
tweet: ufo eat's shit - ufo crashs into a circus tent and eats shit
tweet: which one of you mother fuckers said im going to go volunteer at the dog shelter, as a Dog. disgusting comment
tweet: some of my friends on here are "CLASSIC STYLE" hucksters who'd scam their own mothers for a quick buck. And you all Love them &amp; follow them..
tweet: imagine assuming the position of a dog and kissing the ass of the "MAINSTREAM" accounts.  Muah muah muah.  So stupid. Couldnt be me. No way
tweet: saturday night at the donut shop and i am very excited to show the boys my new Dance.
tweet: portrait of mew two with pubic hair removed from the digimon otis estate
tweet: pleased to announce i had a nice conversation with the sheriff and my account is now verified. Thank you all
tweet: (after smiling all day because i realized something important) Tell me. If Fort nite is "For children" , how come it has Family guy in it?
tweet: send all Business offers to: wintdotco @ gmail . com ... no goof ball shit
tweet: girls are such White people
tweet: " Seems to me in this country, we eat Fake food, meet Fake people, buy Fake clothes... and have Real problems. "- Winston churchhill
tweet: could any influencers share tips on how to "punish" your self for generating low engagement? might need some Pain to keep my head in the game
tweet: Im the guy who asked them to remove Sex from only fans!!! I thought It would be nice!!! I didnt know it woiuld make people mad!!! Im sorry!!
tweet: "Free Guy" Has An Absolutely Bonkers Marvel Cinematic Universe Cameo — Here's How They Pulled It Off
tweet: there should be ICU beds only for geniusses and if your iq is less than 120 they eject you from the window at fucking 200mph
tweet: some of mother fuckers think to win the Dumb Ass award is a GOOD thing!
tweet: they should clal it the "stimulus cheek" because it can kiss my fuckin  ass cheek
tweet: please check out my piece in TIME magazine "Why i sold my dog at a carnival for $30 and Why it matters" the worst article ever written
tweet: today i saluted the afghanistan vet who lives on my floor and said "Suck My Dick Sir!  Mission Failed" then went home and dead lifted 300lbs
tweet: the "SCAM ME" challennge.. if you can scam me you can keep all the money you scammed of me. but if you fail you have to send me 1 Nude image
tweet: 